The team announced Thursday that Collins has progressed to drills such lateral shuffling and individual court work.
Teague, playing in his 12th NBA season, should help the Bucks fill a bench-guard void created when D.J.
Kanter battled for 12 of his 30 rebounds on the offensive glass, where he ranks second in the league in offensive boards per contest.
He limped back up the court before heading to the locker room.
After a game where he was held scoreless versus the Los Angeles Lakers on March 28th, Carter-Williams exploded for 44.9 FD points against the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday.
Fellow Auburn freshman JT Thor also has entered the draft, but left the door open for a return.
The Pelicans have beat the Nuggets, Lakers, Mavs and Celtics over the last 11 days, but L.A. was missing both LeBron James and Anthony Davis, while Dallas was missing both Luka Doncic and Kristaps Porzingis.
Leonard’s favorite spot on the floor is basically the same as that of Chris Paul, just inside the right elbow (2022 All-Star weekend should feature a shooting contest from that spot between the two of them, with a Lopez twin contesting from three feet away) … But he has been getting all the way to the basket more of late.
Vogel said after the Lakers beat the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday that Drummond would start once he was cleared to play again.
Speaking of shooting efficiency, the Sixers will face Zion Williamson and the Pelicans on Friday.
“We feel like he can help us on the floor.
With George, Patrick Beverley, and Serge Ibaka missing time, Terance Mann has seen more run with the Clippers in recent games.
But instead of basking in the glory of Brooklyn’s fourth win in five outings, Harden kept talking about improvement .
The Pacers held Brogdon out of last night’s game because of a hip injury, but he was able to practice on Monday.
For the last couple of months, there’s been a thought, inferred but not explicitly written in this space, that the struggling Eastern Conference teams that were good last season — Boston, Miami and Toronto — would eventually rise and settle into the No.
Given the sudden surplus of guards, the Clippers can mix and match among Beverley, Mann, Kennard and Rondo and reap the benefits of what each can offer.
Giannis finished with 31 points on 14-21 shooting and nine rebounds, while Doncic recorded one of nine triple-doubles this season with 28 points, 13 assists and 10 rebounds in the loss.
Payne, Glover and Osifo were backups who rarely made the Gators better when they were on the floor.
The Raptors, meanwhile, just can’t win close games, now 19-30 with a positive point differential.
The second-year forward has seen his role for the Washington Wizards expand recently as he’s averaged 37.9 minutes per game since March 13th.
• New York’s Immanuel Quickley ranks fourth among eligible rookies in scoring (12.4 ppg), fifth in 3-pointers made (1.9 per game) and was ranked third in the most recent NBA.com Kia Rookie Ladder .
Bickertstaff said Love and Dellavedova, the only players left from the Cavs’ 2016 NBA title team, were on a minutes restriction as they ease their way back into game shape.
With Danny Green left alone on the left wing, Semi Ojeleye rotated up from the left baseline position, leaving Ben Simmons in the “dunker spot”.
The list features a mix of Kia MVP candidates and key role players that impact the game on both ends of the court.
• With 11 dimes in Phoenix’s win over Houston on Monday, Chris Paul became the fifth player in NBA history with 500 career games with double-digit assists, joining John Stockton (863), Magic Johnson (587), Jason Kidd (569), and Steve Nash (509).
Taurean Prince (CLE) $5,800 at OKC With the Cleveland Cavaliers near the bottom of the Eastern Conference, they are attempting to find which players fit their long-term plan (whatever that may be).
Oladipo had 18 points, four rebounds and three steals in 25 minutes before exiting with under six minutes left in the game, which the Heat won 110-104 .
• Charlotte won the first meeting with Brooklyn, 106-104 on Dec. 27 , as Gordon Hayward led six Hornets in double figures with 28 points.
He said he was blessed to come to Vanderbilt.
At this price, Bitadze should easily surpass 5x value should Turner have to miss time.
James is out, for however long, and I pray he’s not, and we’ve just got to figure it out.” Without Harden, Brooklyn closed the game on a 24-4 run to beat Houston 120-108 and grab sole possession of first place for the first time since 2003.
The trailer introduces four-time NBA champion LeBron James — who will take center stage in the sequel to the 1996 film starring Michael Jordan — and the rest of the Looney Tunes cast.
Rivers said “that was a heck of a trip for us” and it served as the finishing touch for a team that survived Embiid’s absence quite impressively.
Then on Thursday, Jokic found ways to connect with new addition Aaron Gordon for buckets en route to a 101-94 win against the Clippers.
Brooklyn is 3-1 this season when Irving scores 40 or more points.
The loser is done for the year.
Hartenstein is the tallest of the bunch and has been getting run at the center position while Allen recovers from a concussion.
The Toronto Raptors announced Saturday they have signed center Khem Birch.
7-10 seeds in each conference.
That’s in part because they’ve played a lot more zone than any other team (13.7% of their defensive possessions, according to Synergy).
The LA Clippers' Pat Beverley will miss 3-4 weeks following surgery on his left hand.
The NBA graveyard is filled with players who shine in the regular season, then fade under the pressure and urgency of the playoffs.
He had 33 points, 11 assists and seven rebounds Saturday as the Bucks won 129-128 at Sacramento without Antetokounmpo, who sat out with a sore left knee.
Other nominees: Tyrese Haliburton (Kings), Theo Maledon (Thunder), Aleksej Pokusevski (Thunder), Jae’Sean Tate (Rockets), Saddiq Bey (Pistons), Isaiah Stewart (Pistons), Immanuel Quickley (Knicks) and Patrick Williams (Bulls)
Atlanta will face San Antonio, New Orleans (twice), Golden State and Memphis over the next week.
NBA.com’s Power Rankings, released every Monday during the season, are just one man’s opinion.
Instead, he will work to get drafted.
After that, whoever emerges from the rest of the rotation is anyone’s guess, although their defense is keeping them in contention.
Teague played 34 games with the Boston Celtics this season before he was traded to the Orlando Magic last week and then waived .
During this stretch, Devin Booker has averaged 30.8 points on 51.2%-46.3%-93% shooting splits.
Redick has joined the team presumably for good this season, but hasn’t started practicing.
In addition, Denver waived forward Greg Whittington on Friday and guard Gary Clark, who was acquired as part of the deal with Orlando that landed Aaron Gordon.
Curry has been more consistent as he averaged 29.7 ppg (4th) in 35 games prior to the break, and 29.6 ppg in eight games since the break to lead all scorers post All-Star.
The Lakers announced Thursday that Drummond wouldn’t travel with the team to Sacramento for Friday’s game against the Kings; L.A. return to Staples Center in away uniforms for Sunday’s matchup with the Clippers before heading out for a five-game East Coast trip.
The Nets have only had their star trio of Harden, Durant and Kyrie Irving in the same lineup for seven games (5-2) this season, but are currently No.
• Durant will be in the lineup for the first time since Feb. 13.
But we’re all staying patient.
5-8 range looking to finish in the top six in order to guarantee their playoff berth and avoid having to survive the Play-In.
The Mavericks beat the Knicks 99-86 with assistant coach Jamahl Mosley taking over while Carlisle stayed at the team hotel.
Kevin Love put up 13 points (7-15 FGs), 3 rebounds and 3 assists in Thursday’s return to action.
With his 24 points, Kanter also becomes just the third player in the last 20 years to register a 20-point, 30-rebound performance.
The ability he demonstrated to navigate any situation with precision and grace—from building a new arena to dealing with a pandemic—is unparalleled.
In eight games post All-Star , his 3-point production has increased to 39.8% on 10.4 attempts per game vs. 36.8% on 8.0 attempts pre All-Star.
Devin Booker, Phoenix Suns 10.
And then, Trent capped a fourth-quarter rally with a game-winning buzzer-beater on Monday , and Toronto finds itself just a game out of 10th place — last to qualify for the Play-In Tournament and a chance to make some postseason noise.
The 50-year-old Davis played for the Tar Heels under Dean Smith before a long NBA career, and he spent the past nine seasons working under Williams.
Chris Paul, Phoenix Suns And five more: Stephen Curry, Golden State Warriors; Rudy Gobert, Utah Jazz; Donovan Mitchell, Utah Jazz; Jimmy Butler, Miami Heat; Zion Williamson, New Orleans Pelicans.
The Hornets aren’t the only team playing more zone this season.
James Johnson (NO): $5,800 at ATL With Zion Williamson and Brandon Ingram out of action over the last three games, Johnson has averaged 37.1 FD points while starting all three contests.
The 32-year-old Love returned for his first game since Dec. 27 on March 12 and played 10 minutes against New Orleans.
The Suns’ execution down the stretch on Wednesday was a little better on offense (24 points on 19 clutch possessions) than defense (where the Jazz scored 20 on 17).
The day before his first virtual meeting with Dallas reporters since the trade, Redick said on his podcast he was “jarred” by the deal because he had asked to be traded to the East Coast or left out of any deals so he could control his destination through a buyout.
Isaiah Roby (PF – OKC) $5,500  With nearly half the Thunder projected to sit this one out, we have a lot of value to work with.
In the estimation of 76ers reserve center Dwight Howard, they played “lights out” given the circumstances.
Due to health restrictions in the pandemic, there were no fans in the stadium in Barcelona.
Holiday pretty much knew he wanted to stay in Milwaukee for years to come once he spoke to team officials shortly after they paid a steep price to acquire him.
During their current four-game win streak , CJ McCollum has led the team in scoring (26.0 ppg) and field goal attempts (21.3 per game), with 10 of those attempts coming from 3-point range.
The Clippers’ stretch where they’re playing six of seven games against the nine best teams in the league concludes with their game against the Suns on Thursday.
• With Daniel Theis being traded and Tristan Thompson out tonight due to health and safety protocols, the tall task of locking up Embiid will fall on Robert Williams III .
Oladipo has craved being a part of it.
The Brooklyn Nets got one of their All-Stars back in the mix even as another one rests.
“I come from high-cultural basketball: DeMatha Catholic High School, to Indiana University, and now being on the Heat,” Oladipo said.
Phoenix Suns head coach Monty Williams and Atlanta Hawks interim head coach Nate McMillan have been named the NBA Western and Eastern Conference Coach of the Month, respectively, for March.
ATLANTA (AP) — Atlanta Hawks forward De’Andre Hunter continues to struggle with an ailing right knee, undergoing a nonsurgical procedure Monday to address lingering soreness.
When it comes to late-game defense, other teams will sacrifice some rim protection for added foot speed and the ability to switch all screens.
“When Joe, Peter and I agreed on the timing of this announcement two years ago, we didn’t have a pandemic on our radar screen.
Lakers (32-20) at Nets (36-16)  8:30 p.m.
• Curry has scored at least 30 points in each of his four games since returning from a tailbone contusion on March 29.
With Young, Collins, Danilo Gallinari, Kevin Huerter, Bogdan Bogdanovic and the newly-arrived Lou Williams, the Hawks bring shooters every night.
Against the Knicks in a battle featuring 15 lead changes, Irving drilled a step-back 3-pointer with 1 minute left after New York had closed the gap to two points.
Plumlee should return Tuesday, but as Detroit continues to fall farther out of playoff contention, Stewart should continue to see additional run for the lottery-bound Pistons.
Launched one year ago, NBA TV’s Basketball Stories franchise has included Decade to Remember, the 1988 All-Star Dunk Contest, Rip City Revival, and most recently, Reign Man & The Glove.
* * * Shaun Powell has covered the NBA for more than 25 years.
The LA Clippers announced that the team has signed center DeMarcus Cousins to a 10-day contract.
P.J.
Luckily for us, Hartenstein is a power forward on FanDuel, and he gives us salary relief at $4,000, a spot in which he’s hit 5x value three out of the past four contests.
“I reiterated this several times on the podcast, look, this is a great situation,” said Redick, who hasn’t won a title and reached the NBA Finals once, in 2009 when Orlando was swept by the Los Angeles Lakers.
He predicted that would happen in 1996, when he was part of Dream Team II that won the gold in Atlanta, and isn’t alone in the belief that the game found a new gear internationally because of the success of the first Dream Team four years prior.
Brooklyn Nets star guard James Harden was forced to leave Wednesday’s 120-108 win against the Houston Rockets due to tightness in his right hamstring.
Last night, he went for 16/6/4 with three blocks and four steals, and with Kyle Lowry already ruled out and Fred VanVleet questionable, Flynn could see heavy usage again.
Atlanta Hawks: Atlanta suddenly became a healthier team once coach Lloyd Pierce was fired, which was bad for Pierce, good for the Hawks’ chances of grabbing a top-six guaranteed playoff spot.
3.5 Horrys
“But definitely excited to see him back out there in practice and going through the plays, it’s amazing to see his full recovery.
“In making this announcement, I also want to emphasize how much everyone associated with USA Basketball appreciates Jerry Colangelo for everything he did for USA Basketball over the past 15 years.” And Colangelo did plenty.
Harden will be reevaluated in approximately 10 days after an MRI revealed a strained right hamstring, the team announced on Tuesday.
A McDonald’s All-American from Hazlet, New Jersey, Lewis started 31 of 51 games in two seasons at Florida.
Chicago Bulls: They declared themselves all-in with the midseason trade for Nikola Vucevic … and then went into a tailspin and fell to 10th place.
The guard position in New Orleans is comprised of Lonzo Ball, Nickeil Alexander-Walker, Kira Lewis Jr., Eric Bledsoe and Josh Hart.
So I think he told the trainer when he was on the sideline, and they went back to look at it, and they just decided that it wasn’t worth risking it.
Harden had already missed his second consecutive game with the hamstring issue on Sunday, before reinjuring it against the Knicks.
While the Suns have won five straight , they have been unable to make up any ground since the Jazz have won nine straight games.
But the ways in which the Pelicans have achieved that goal have changed.
Dallas is 3½ games out of a spot in the top six, which the club needs to avoid the play-in round of the playoffs.
The 35-point wipeout win against the Spurs: Philly served notice right away by crushing San Antonio in its first game without Embiid.
It’s never easy.” Irving just seems to consistently make it look that way in the midst of Brooklyn endlessly tinkering with its lineups — in part due to injuries — as it works to determine how to best deploy those groupings for the stretch run and playoffs.
“We all have dreams and I am ready to pursue mine,” Pippen said.
ET, NBA League Pass As Week 16 begins, we are in the final third of the 2020-21 regular season as 68.2% of the schedule has already been played.
Sometimes you find help in all the weird places, one of which happens to be right under your nose, another of which slipped away only to return — and both apply with the LA Clippers.
2 Season stats: 28.3 ppg, 11.4 rpg, 6.3 apg, 1.3 bpg Antetokounmpo finished with a career-worst-tying minus-31 in 34 minutes Monday in a loss to the Clippers.
Isaiah Thomas has signed a 10-day contract with the New Orleans Pelicans, the team announced on Saturday.
And now, Jackson is poised to make that long-awaited debut this month.
He has led the league in 25-10 games in each of the past two seasons — winning Kia MVP honors both times.
Bembry only costs $5,200 on FanDuel and has played in 30+ minutes in back-to-back games.
He wasn’t able to start on Feb. 5 against Toronto in what was his 867th game while the NBA reviewed an inconclusive coronavirus test result of someone Durant had interacted with that afternoon.
The Bucks ruled out the two-time reigning NBA MVP about 90 minutes before tipoff at American Airlines Center.
The views on this page do not necessarily reflect the views of the NBA, its clubs or Turner Broadcasting.
“It doesn’t matter what your race is or what your background is.
Now, USA Basketball is bringing him back.
Malcolm Brogdon (IND) $6,700 Pay close attention to Indiana’s injury report tonight.
Moses Brown (OKC) $5,100 vs. CLE Along with the Raptors, the Thunder are another team who could have a thin rotation available on Thursday.
“We’ll see how they feel over the next day or two,” Budenholzer said before the game.
He shot .450 (94-209) from the floor and scored in double figures five times, which included three double-doubles.
DiVincenzo, Holiday, Lopez and Middleton all had played Thursday.
Bembry, VanVleet and Horton-Tucker have each been suspended for leaving the bench area during an on-court altercation.
AUBURN, Ala. (AP) — Auburn freshman point guard Sharife Cooper says he plans to enter the NBA draft and give up his remaining eligibility.
“We worry about the guys in uniform.
In Phoenix’s first 16 games, Booker averaged 22.9 points (27th in NBA) on 17.4 shots per game and shot 47.3% from the field.
For the purpose of this analysis, we’ll take stock of the teams holding at least 12th place at the moment.
He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2018, the crowning achievement in a career filled with numerous accolades.
Isaiah Thomas (NOP) $3,900 vs. PHI: It is awesome to see Isaiah Thomas back in the NBA as the New Orleans Pelicans have given him a chance amid their injury woes recently.
If you have an issue with the rankings, or have a question or comment for John Schuhmann, send him an e-mail or contact him via Twitter .
Gutsy Portland Trail Blazers guard Damian Lillard moves up a spot to No.
“It started from there, everything that went on that season,” he said.
But his work in the paint, along with the seventh highest free throw rate (52 attempts per 100 shots from the field) among those 251 players, has Williamson ranking eighth in scoring at 26.4 points per game.
Brooklyn is still without Kevin Durant, who has missed nearly seven weeks because of his own hamstring strain.
The team announced on Friday that Patrick Beverley underwent surgery for a fractured bone in his left hand.
Both players also rank in the top 10 in deflections , with Covington third (3.7 per game) and Holiday 10th (3.1 per game).
He was as doubtful leading up to the Bucks-Mavs showdown, which Milwaukee lost 116-101 .
The Sixers went 7-3 in his absence.
He was an All-Star in 2016-17 with the Utah Jazz.
• The Heat have been 10.9 points per 100 possessions better when Jimmy Butler is on the court (plus-4.1 net rating in 1,213 minutes) than when he’s off the court (minus-6.8 net rating in 1,255 minutes).
Lakers center Andre Drummond had an abbreviated debut on Wednesday against Milwaukee, and the right big toe contusion he suffered then will delay his second chance to impress the L.A. faithful.
At the very least, he’s a far different player than the one who struggled in the 2020 playoffs, and he’ll be looking to avenge that performance, too.
He became the first NBA Academies player to appear in the NCAA Final — Francisco Caffaro was red-shirting his freshman year as part of Virginia’s 2019 squad, and did not play in their victory — and also the first to score.
He was originally hurt against Houston last Wednesday, missing the final quarter of a victory against his former team.
As Harris said: “We did a good job of holding the fort down without the big fella … I take that stuff personal when people believe we can’t win [without him].” Along the way were a few checkpoints where the Sixers mustered the grit and performances to pull them through, and other instances where they had good fortune.
With the departure of Montrezl Harrell, the Clippers have seen a big drop in the percentage of their shots that have come from the restricted area.
2.
He was ESPN’s ninth-rated high school prospect in 2018-19.
The top defensive lineup (70.4 DefRtg in 23 minutes) has swapped Matthews for Talen Horton-Tucker.
So, to be a part of this group now, it’s truly a blessing.”
Hamidou Diallo (DET): $5,600 at DEN Across his last four games, Diallo has averaged 31.8 FD points, eclipsing the 30-point mark three times.
2) 22 points (9-14 FG), 4 rebounds, 10 assists, 2 steals > Video Box Score Bucks 129, Kings 128  (Apr.
Or maybe the real truth was what happened in between, when Philadelphia held firm without him , bonded together and refused to allow the temporary absence of a Kia MVP candidate harpoon their season or their place in the Eastern Conference, not to mention their realistic and lofty aspirations to travel deep into summer.
“So, one of those things where I’m not feeling a ton of pain, but it’s just like you don’t want to force one of these injuries, go out there and make it worse,” Durant said.
He tells you what he sees from the bench.
He was part of two Atlantic Coast Conference Tournament championships as a player as well as scoring 25 points in a 1991 Final Four loss against a Kansas team led by Williams.
3 Season stats: 25.2 ppg, 8.0 rpg, 10.9 apg, 1.2 spg Injuries immediately dropped LeBron James and Embiid down our list earlier this season.
Lakers (32-19) at Heat (26-25)  7:30 p.m.
Chuma Okeke, Orlando Magic Season stats : 6.9 ppg, 4.0 rpg, 2.1 apg Since last Ladder: 15.3 ppg, 6.5 rpg, 3.5 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : N/A Boost in role has brought boost in production (33.5 mpg in 2-2 week).
Kevin Durant shot around before the game and Nash said he was hopeful the All-Star forward would be ready to play for the first time since Feb. 13.
Late in the third quarter, the Jazz got an open corner 3-pointer when Booker got caught in a screen, Ayton was forced to switch onto Conley, and Torrey Craig sunk in the paint to help Booker with Gobert … Midway through the fourth, Ayton switched a screen for Mitchell, but Paul didn’t like that matchup (he has a Synergy account), so he scrambled back to the ball, leaving the Suns vulnerable behind the double-team … Paul’s high hands on the double-team forced an imprecise pass from Mitchell.
Other nominees: Luka Doncic (Mavericks), De’Aaron Fox (Kings), Damian Lillard (Trail Blazers), Donovan Mitchell (Jazz), Ja Morant (Grizzlies), Zion Williamson (Pelicans), Giannis Antetokounmpo (Bucks), Kyrie Irving (Nets) and Russell Westbrook (Wizards)
I’m definitely glad to have him back.
“Delly is one of the smartest people I know when it comes to basketball, his IQ is really high up there.”
The Collective Blueprint Through its mission to increase socioeconomic mobility for Opportunity Youth in Memphis by building pathways to thriving careers, the Collective Blueprint develops and runs high-quality supportive programs to help young adults secure careers while advocating to improve educational and employment systems for all young adults.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Milwaukee Bucks guard Jrue Holiday has agreed to a four-year contract extension that would be worth at least $134 million if he exercises his option for the final season.
The three-time NBA champion with the Heat thought nothing of sharing secrets and advice with Oladipo, who soaked up every word.
He was right.
And it’s not easy, bro.
“He’s going to need a summer league and a training camp next year.
But most of what made those teams great last season was still there.
They lost three of those games — to the Bucks, Nuggets and LA Clippers — serving proof that they’ll need Embiid to remain in title contention.
Lewis surely would have had a chance to become the centerpiece of Florida’s retooled team next season.
He needs 16 more triple-doubles over Washington’s 22 remaining games to break Oscar Robertson’s record of 181 this season.
The Bucks also were missing Jrue Holiday (bruised left knee), Donte DiVincenzo (bruised right hip), Brook Lopez (sore back), Khris Middleton (sore right knee) and reserve forward P.J.
If there was ever a matchup to kick start his offense, this would be it, as the Cavaliers are surrendering the third-most FanDuel points to opposing guards this season.
“I’m forever grateful to be a part of the Auburn Family.
“Definitely seems like forever to think about how long he’s been out and how many games he missed,” said guard Collin Sexton.
Since Green doesn’t contribute much in the scoring department, he’s reliant on grabbing rebounds, dishing out assists, and getting you plus-three points for steals and blocks on FanDuel.
If I had to make the decision a million more times, I’d pick Auburn every time.
Plus-Minus Players of the Week Teams of the Week East vs. West Schedule strength through Week 15 Movement in the Rankings Week 16 Team to Watch Previous Power Rankings Stats Key Pace : Possessions per 48 minutes (League Rank)  OffRtg : Points scored per 100 possessions (League Rank)  DefRtg : Points allowed per 100 possessions (League Rank)  NetRtg : Point differential per 100 possessions (League Rank) The league has averaged 99.7 possessions (per team) per 48 minutes and 111.3 points scored per 100 possessions this season.
He also led Tennessee in charges drawn and was third with 1.1 steals per game.
The Cavs have missed Dellavedova’s experience, toughness and leadership.
How will this affect the Clippers?
Despite starting the season struggling with accuracy from deep (9.5% on 3-pointers in December), Doncic was hot in March, averaging 43.3% from long range, 52.7% overall and 29.4 ppg.
I think that was him putting that in us,” said Payton II, who has four non-playing siblings.
The Bradley Beal-Russell Westbrook tandem never gained traction in terms of making a difference in the standings, while Davis Bertans failed pay dividends after cashing in last offseason.
It swished clean.
“Delly is a guy that is going to do whatever the team needs,” Sexton said.
This season, the Nets are 5-2 with the “Big 3” together, 16-3 with just Irving and Harden, 3-4 with just Durant and Irving, 2-0 with just Durant and Harden, 8-4 when just one of the Big 3 play, and 1-3 with none of the Big 3 plays.
But this of course is 2020-21, a break from the norm, where instead a Play-In Tournament will begin in a little more than month.
Durant had 17 points on 5-for-5 shooting in 19 minutes off the bench in his first game in nearly two months on Thursday as the Nets beat the Pelicans.
MINNEAPOLIS – The Minnesota Timberwolves today announced the following injury update on guard Malik Beasley, who missed the last game due to left hamstring soreness: An MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) taken today at Mayo Clinic Square on Beasley revealed a grade 3 left hamstring injury.
• With 34 points on 12-for-18 shooting (66.7%) in New Orleans’ loss to Atlanta on Wednesday, Zion Williamson recorded his 25th straight game with at least 20 points while shooting 50% or better, tying Shaquille O’Neal (in 2001) for the longest such streak in the shot-clock era (since 1954-55).
Much of the Clippers’ late postseason push will be made without their starting point guard.
When we trust it and do what is asked of us, we’re a hell of a team.” * * * Shaun Powell has covered the NBA for more than 25 years.
One, the Hornets have defended the fewest ball screens per 100 possessions, according to Second Spectrum tracking.
They drafted Mann 48th overall in 2019 and, after spending much of his short career buried on the bench, he has rapidly and unexpectedly worked his way into a meaty role in the rotation.
The school announced the hiring Monday after an emergency meeting by its board of trustees.
More than 50 organizations across the country use Health Pass to create safer environments, including teams across all major sports leagues, MGM Resorts, the state of Hawaii, and many more.
• The Clippers won the first meeting of the season, 112-107 on Jan. 3 , behind a season-high 39 points from Paul George.
A strong candidate for the Kia MVP award before his injury, Embiid will look to return to elite form as the race to the postseason begins.
Anyone who has returned a confirmed positive test, or has been identified as having been in close contact to an infected person, is isolated or quarantined until they are cleared under the rules established by the NBA and the Players Association in accordance with CDC guidance.
Jaxson Hayes (NO): $4,800 at ATL Hayes has averaged 23.3 FD points across his last three contests (all without Brandon Ingram and Zion Williamson), and he should be in line for plenty of work if the pair are forced to miss tonight’s game.
Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic and Brooklyn Nets guard James Harden have been named the Kia NBA Western and Eastern Conference Player of the Month, respectively, for March.
He lasted just four minutes before having to exit the contest.
His rise has helped Chicago push for its first playoff appearance in half a decade.
The Hornets announced Saturday that Gordon Hayward would miss at least a month with a sprained right foot.
Additionally, the Warriors became the first professional team to win Sports Business Journal’s “Sports Team of the Year” award on multiple occasions under Welts (2014 and 2016).
Rozier gave the ball to Gordon Hayward and faked like he was going to set a pin-down screen for P.J.
Cousins, 30, holds career averages of 20.8 points, 10.7 rebounds, 3.2 assists, 1.4 steals, and 1.2 blocks in 590 appearances with the Sacramento Kings, New Orleans Pelicans, Golden State Warriors and Houston Rockets.
I think he’s going to elevate the whole group and everyone will rise to that level.” That’s the hope, anyway.
That said, power forward is a bit dry tonight, and Roby is a fine choice.
This season, under new coach Billy Donovan, the Bulls are at the other end of the list.
He played 19 NBA seasons, was an All-Star seven times — likely would have been more if not for the ankle problems that derailed his career — and made five All-NBA teams.
“I’ve never been like that, and I won’t start now.
Dean Wade (CLE) $4,600 Wade has quietly been productive over the last two weeks, scoring at least 22 FanDuel points in six of his last seven games.
7 Season stats: 28.7 ppg, 8.1 rpg, 8.9 apg Doncic missed a back-to-back set on March 26 and 27 and, coincidentally, Dallas lost both games after winning two in a row.
North Carolina has turned to former Tar Heels player and assistant coach Hubert Davis to lead the storied men’s basketball program as the successor to Hall of Famer Roy Williams.
He led the Big 12 in scoring with 20.2 points per game.
• Shake Milton ranks sixth in scoring among eligible bench players, averaging 13.5 ppg in 23.8 mpg.
T-6.
Washington Wizards: The Wizards briefly showed a heartbeat when they won eight of 11 games in February, only to disappear again — perhaps for good.
An easy way to see which defenses are most or least aggressive in defending pick-and-rolls is by the percentage of their defensive possessions that are ball-handler possessions.
Barring an unforeseen lineup change, Bitadze could see 25+ minutes again, putting him in a prime position to severely exceed his value at $4,900.
• While Beal holds the edge over Curry in scoring over the course of the season, the two are trending in different directions.
It’s sacrifice, it’s winning at the ultimate level.
Both players are questionable tonight, and Johnson looks poised to return plenty of value once again.
“No matter how we look at it, James just needs time,” Kerr said.
These were the most obvious: The schedule cooperates: The Sixers saw only four top-five teams in those 10 games without Embiid, and one of them was the Los Angeles Lakers without LeBron James and Anthony Davis.
But overall, the Suns have now accounted two of the Jazz’s five least efficient games of the season, having held them to just 101 points per 100 possessions ( Utah’s lowest mark vs. any opponent ) over two meetings.
* * * Michael C. Wright is a senior writer for NBA.com.
Even as a miserable, COVID-19 displaced campaign unfolds for the Toronto Raptors in Tampa, they just … keep … hanging … on.
That number won’t change for at least 10 days as Harden is out with a hamstring strain, while Durant is available to play after suffering a hamstring injury of his own that kept him out seven weeks.
Last season, Williamson scored 15.8 points per game in the restricted area , the highest mark in the 25 years for which we have shot-location data.
Since Giannis entered the league in 2013-14, the only player with more 25-10 games is Anthony Davis with 194 compared to Giannis’ 155.
It is Embiid’s highest scoring average against any team he’s faced more than once and his highest field goal percentage against any team he’s faced this season.
• While the Grizzlies lead the league in points in the paint (55.6 ppg), the Knicks allow the third-fewest points in the lane (42.8 ppg).
So, I think we’re exemplifying that every game.” Much of the credit for that goes to Irving.
And the rest of the Eastern Conference wasn’t exactly taking advantage of the struggles in Boston, Miami and Tampa.
With the race to the playoffs in full swing, there is plenty to keep an eye on, from the battles among the top seeds for home-court advantage, to the race to get in the Play-In Tournament among the No.
• The Suns and Jazz are both 11-3 since the All-Star break, tied with Brooklyn and Denver for the top record in the league since the break.
We thank him for his incredible contributions to our franchise and, more importantly, the class and character with which he represented our organization each day.” “Much like a movie needs a well-placed and perfectly-aligned star to make it successful, you need to find the right person to lead an organization to prominence,” said Peter Guber, Warriors Co-Executive Chairman.
Hobbled since then with a nagging foot injury, the 40-year-old center decided to come back home in hopes of reviving his career in a second stint with Barcelona.
• The Jazz lead the NBA with 43.6% of their points coming from 3-pointers.
Augustin was traded to the Houston Rockets to acquire P.J.
Svi Mykhailiuk (OKC) $3,800 vs. CLE When looking for a player sub-$3,000, Svi Mykhailiuk could be a notable option at the shooting guard position.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Tennessee freshman guard Keon Johnson says he’s declaring for the NBA draft and will sign with an agent, becoming the Vols’ second freshman to leave after one season.
Durant, meanwhile, hasn’t played since Feb. 13.
The No.
“But one thing I know I can control is myself.
Mavericks 127, Thunder 106  (Mar.
Mann-type stories don’t happen frequently, but serve as proof that the path to the NBA isn’t always a straight line.
• Michael Porter Jr. ranks fifth in scoring among eligible second-year players, averaging 16.3 ppg, including 2.4 3-pointers made (1st in the sophomore class) while playing 29.8 minutes per contest (11th in the sophomore class).
But if Mykhailiuk does happen to get a modest amount of minutes against Cleveland, then he’s worth a flier if you’re someone who is looking for a salary-saving piece in your lineup.
Griffin is shooting 65.2% (15-23) from the field and 55.6% (5-9) from 3-point range.
And it’s unclear what the future holds for talented swingman Keyontae Johnson, who has not been cleared to practice or play since collapsing on the court during a game in December.
The Bulls are encouraged by the improved results from Lauri Markkanen and rookie Patrick Williams, along with the steady play of veteran Thaddeus Young.
Not only do you have teams doing whatever they can do to finish in the top 10 in order to qualify for the tournament and keep their playoff hopes alive, you also have the teams in the No.
Does Evan Fournier help them shake free of the slumber?
He underwent an MRI that showed a lateral ankle sprain and associated bone bruise.
Snell is averaging 5.5 points and 2.4 rebounds in a reserve role.
Barnes has reached 5x value in three out of his last four games (played 34+ minutes in each of those four contests), and for those that use game logs to determine which players to use, Barnes notched 50.1 FD points a few weeks ago against the Pistons.
Get dirty An early example of awareness and sacrifice came from Devin Booker on the Jazz’s fourth possession of the game.
Giannis Antetokounmpo will not play in Saturday’s game at Sacramento, Bucks coach Mike Budenholzer announced before tipoff.
“I said, ‘Don’t go out there and give out six fouls in the first three minutes.’ He just laughed about it.” Dellavedova hasn’t played in a regular-season game since March 10, 2020, the final one before the COVID-19 pandemic stalled the league’s season and ended Cleveland’s.
The Hawks say Collins, who is the team’s second-leading scorer, has already began low-level rehabilitation activities.
Last season, Damian Lillard scored 1.15 points per possession on pick-and-roll ball-handler possessions, according to Synergy play-type tracking.
That’s not really what I want people to see and hear from me, but hopefully I can move past it and get back out on the floor.” He is hoping to return soon from a strained left hamstring.
According to Synergy play-type tracking, Ayton has defended 121 isolation possessions, 36 more than any other player in the league .
He averaged 7.0 points 4.7 rebounds in 60 games for Toronto.
Enes Kanter’s name filled in injury-riddled Portland’s starting lineup for much of his time there.
“I will get messages or hear stories about how I inspire people, regardless of their heritage.
Cam Johnson made a similar effort early in the second quarter.
If he catches him leaning in the direction of the screen, he’ll go the other way … And one reason for Williamson’s effectiveness off the dribble is an improved handle, like a wicked in-and-out dribble … It’s all about space.
“I wasn’t trying to ease into the game.” Coach Steve Nash said bringing Durant off the bench was so the Nets could more easily control his minutes if the game was close down the stretch.
He wrote an incredible script and played the role to perfection.
Not long after the coronavirus pandemic shut down the season, Juzang announced he was transferring and later picked UCLA to be closer to his family in Tarzana, California.
Other nominees : Michael Malone (Denver), Terry Stotts (Portland) and Luke Walton (Sacramento) East: James Borrego (Charlotte), Steve Nash (Brooklyn) and Doc Rivers (Philadelphia)
He has averaged 27.4 FDPPG (5x value) over his last four outings.
But the most immediate question is how much better his opportunities will be playing with young Dallas sensation Luka Doncic, whose vast offensive skills are matched by his passing ability.
Davis Bertans has chucked up 27 three-point shots in the past three games, which has resulted in him averaging 23.9 FD points in that span.
The Blazers originally selected Hollis-Jefferson with the 23rd pick during the 2015 NBA Draft but traded his draft rights and guard Steve Blake to the Brooklyn Nets for forward/center Mason Plumlee and the draft rights to guard Pat Connaughton, who went 41st overall in that draft.
The Nets are unbeaten in those five games and have outscored their opponents by 62 points in 95 minutes with Griffin on the court.
Help and recover Ayton’s defensive mobility has been and will continue to be under the microscope.
• While Utah is shooting 3-pointers at a historic pace, the Suns are one of the top teams in defending the 3-point shot .
Each week during the season, NBA.com writer John Schuhmann surveys the league to compile stats and notes for his in-depth Power Rankings .
In 2011, Welts became the highest ranking executive in men’s professional team sports to publicly acknowledge he was gay.
New York allows the lowest 3-point percentage (33.6%) and the third-fewest points in the paint (42.5), which are two areas where the Nets usually thrive.
The addition of the Play-In Tournament adds multiple races to watch.
And this list is in no particular order: Miami Heat: There’s no question who stands the most to lose by being forced into a Play-In, or worse, missing the playoffs altogether.
But he’s extremely appreciative and grateful and he’s definitely excited about getting back on the court and joining his teammates.” The Cavs need both Love and Dellavedova back with forwards Larry Nance Jr. (illness), Dylan Windler (knee soreness) and center Jarrett Allen (concussion) all out.
Win and develop.
On the surface, then and now, it was an odd pairing that didn’t seem to benefit either side.
Harden exited in the third quarter of Wednesday’s 120-108 win against the Houston Rockets and did not return.
So, Harden could miss somewhere in the neighborhood of five outings over the next couple of weeks, including a matchup against the Lakers on Saturday and an April 14 clash at Philadelphia .
The 61-year-old was hopeful it was a false positive and he would still be able to coach against New York.
Brooklyn plans to re-evaluate Harden after the initial timeframe it announced.
Beasley will be sidelined between 4-6 weeks and will be reassessed in three weeks.
If the Celtics were given another chance to defend the same play, they’d probably have Jaylen Brown rotate into the middle of the paint to deny the pass to Embiid, so that the only uncovered Sixer was Harris, a long pass away from Green.
The Foundation will continue to collaborate with all 30 teams, their affiliated charitable organizations and the NBPA to support national and local organizations and their efforts to increase education and employment access in Black communities.
The Suns extended their win streak to seven games – their longest streak since sweeping all eight games in the bubble during last season’s restart.
It’s one thing to just say it.
Atlanta Hawks forward John Collins will miss at least one week after being diagnosed with a lateral ankle sprain and associated bone bruise, the team announced on Thursday.
• Los Angeles’ Montrezl Harrell (15.0 ppg) and Miami’s Tyler Herro (14.7 ppg) rank fourth and fifth, respectively, in bench scoring this season.
Harris appears to be on a redemptive journey, not only to demonstrate his worth without (and now alongside) Embiid, but because he wasn’t selected as an All-Star, which didn’t sit well with him.
In case you forgot, the NBA seized upon this novelty of last fall and made it a staple.
“Our conversation, he just talked about how appreciative he was, how we’ve dealt with this and been patient in giving him this opportunity.
The third overall pick of the 2011 Draft, Kanter has helped Portland survive a multitude of injuries this season and stay well within the Western Conference playoff race .
However, I see him as more of a GPP.
Clarkson operates as Utah’s sixth man, and he can score points in bunches.
Harris soared in a primary scoring role, with performances that elevated him as a premier player.
George scored the majority of his points while matched up with either Devin Booker (9 points on 4-4 FG, 1-1 3FG in 3:32 of matchup time) or Deandre Ayton (123 points on 5-6 FG, 3-4 3FG in 1:28 of matchup time).
That leaves Flynn as the primary ball-handler, scoring at least 29 FD points in four straight fixtures while providing a 36-point average in that stretch.
“Fortunately, we found that 10 years ago in Rick Welts.
24 for the Pelicans.
Nash inserted them both as starters for Sunday’s loss at Chicago with mixed results.
Utah at Dallas  7 p.m.
The school announced Steward’s decision Thursday after he averaged 13 points and scored in double figures 17 times.
ET, NBA League Pass The Knicks and Celtics enter Week 16 at 25-25 and ranked seventh and eighth, respectively, in the Eastern Conference standings.
Tuesday is the second of three regular season games between these teams with a potential playoff matchup looming.
Since LeBron was injured on March 20, the Lakers have gone 4-6 and averaged just 100.7 points per 100 possessions (30th in NBA).
But it’s been a more balanced diet and the continued development of his off-the-dribble game will be critical going forward.
The 61-year-old coach took three additional tests Friday after the positive test.
Birch, 6-foot-9, 230 pounds, averaged career highs of 5.3 points, 5.1 rebounds and 19.8 minutes in 48 games (five starts) with the Orlando Magic this season.
The Bucks also acquired Sam Merrill and gave New Orleans the right to swap two future first-round picks.
As he transitions into his next endeavor, I have no doubt that Rick will continue to leave his mark on the game and the greater sports business.” Under Welts’ direction, the Warriors established several franchise benchmarks from a business standpoint, as the team’s brand grew in stature following five consecutive appearances in the NBA Finals and three NBA championships (2015, 2017, 2018).
Projected to be the first Asian American NBA first-round pick, possibly in the lottery, he’s become an inspiration for younger players at a time when hate crimes against Asian Americans are on the rise.
Milwaukee concluded a six-game, 11-day road trip with a physically taxing loss in Dallas.
Isaiah Hartenstein (CLE) $4,000 vs. PHI Isaiah Hartenstein made his debut for the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday versus the Utah Jazz, pouring in 34.3 FD points.
Rookie of the Year candidate LaMelo Ball hasn’t played since March 20 because of a fractured right wrist.
Their win in Boston on Monday began a stretch where the Pels are playing 12 of 14 games against the Eastern Conference.
But just being able to inspire people is something that’s touching and inspires me and something I don’t take lightly.” Juzang’s older brother Christian played at Harvard and led the Saigon Heat to the 2020 championship in the Vietnamese Basketball Association.
Murray was more effective against Paul George as he scored nine points on 4-7 shooting in 2:08 of matchup time.
Doncic averages 9.5 passes and 8.5 shot attempts off his drives; he converts on 58.2% of those shot attempts – tied with De’Aaron Fox for the highest field goal percentage among the 37 players with at least five shot attempts off drives per game.
Orlando is the second-worst team to shooting guards this season and Lamb has accumulated 11 steals and blocks combined in his last two performances.
That said, even being in that position would be weird for a team not long removed from a championship dynasty.
But attrition keeps Lillard in this spot, considering the missed time and injuries to Harden and Antetokounmpo, not to mention the fact he’s gutted his way through various bumps and bruises, sitting out just two games the entire season.
Four of those rebounds have come on the offensive end as Drummond ranks third in offensive boards and fourth in second-chance points (4.3 ppg).
In nine career seasons, Thomas has averaged 18.1 points and five assists per game.
Giannis leads the NBA with 21 games with at least 25 points and 10 rebounds.
The 6-foot-5 guard made his decision public Wednesday on social media , writing that being in a position to be part of the league is “a dream come true.” “It’s been an honor to put on the UConn jersey every day,” he wrote on Twitter.
And he’s going to grow, he’s going to get better and better and he’s going to be a great player.
Brooklyn Nets star James Harden will be reevaluated in approximately 10 days after an MRI revealed a strained right hamstring, the team announced on Tuesday.
While they’ve seen some defensive improvement (see below), the Pelicans still rank 28th on that end of the floor.
The more I thought about it, the more intrigued, excited and the more willing I was to roll up my sleeves and move forward with this awesome responsibility.” Hill’s resume is elite.
On the international stage, Birch represented Canada at the 2019 FIBA World Cup in China.
• Of the 146 players in the league that have logged at least 1,000 minutes, 14 have a net rating differential of at least 10 points – meaning their team’s point differential per 100 possession is at least 10 points better when the player is on the court compared to when they are off.
On the opposite side of the playoff spectrum are the Washington Wizards, who have dropped three straight games and find themselves on the outside looking in at the East Play-In.
Terry Rozier’s 12-for-23 (52%) is the best mark among 16 players with at least 20 attempts.
5 with the Bucks.
Additionally, forward Kyle Kuzma (calf tightness) is listed as questionable against the Heat while new swingman Ben McLemore will be available to play against Miami.
Brooklyn coach Steve Nash said the team has discussed the remarks but would keep the conversation internal.
Love finished with 13 points, three rebounds and two assists in the first quarter.
At such time, James Harden and Kyrie Irving were revving up the Nets, who tore through March despite missing their best player (Kevin Durant).
• New Orleans is coming off a 123-107 loss to Atlanta on Tuesday; this season the Pelicans are 3-6 on the second night of a back-to-back.
In their 117-113, overtime victory against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday, the Phoenix Suns showed why they’re one of the best defensive teams in the league.
Season stats : 12.2 ppg, 2.3 rpg, 2.2 apg Since last Ladder: 6.6 ppg, 2.2 rpg, 1.4 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : 3 It could be a slump, it could be the rookie wall.
Theo Maledon, Oklahoma City Thunder Season stats : 9.4 ppg, 3.5 rpg, 3.3 apg Since last Ladder: 15.8 ppg, 5.2 rpg, 2.4 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : N/A Showing Euro experience now as OKC plays for the future.
Christian was the top pick in the VBA draft, and the younger Juzang looks like he has an even brighter professional future.
Julius Randle doesn’t appear to be a one-hit wonder and RJ Barrett is emerging as a top second option.
If they’re playing or not, we’re still going out there to compete, play hard and come out with the win.” Tucker has missed the Bucks’ last nine games.
Kyrie Irving, Brooklyn Nets 10.
It’s not as if Roby is the most efficient player, and the Phoenix matchup might scare some from rostering him.
“I played here, I earned my degree here, I fell in love with my wife here, I got married here, I moved here after I retired from the NBA and I have raised my family here.
Antetokounmpo has missed five of Milwaukee’s last 10 contests , but he’s scored 25 points or more in each of the last three games he’s been able to play, including a 47-point effort on April 2 in a victory against Portland.
He’s proud enough of the award he got.
Coach Steve Nash said the Nets will see how Harden feels Thursday before their game against Charlotte, but was confident the All-Star guard didn’t have a long-term injury.
• Nicolas Batum was the primary defender on Jamal Murray for a team-high 3:08 (25.4% of matchup time) and held Murray to just two points on 1-5 shooting from the field and 0-3 from 3-point range, and forced a turnover.
In the East, with the Nets, Bucks and 76ers sitting at considerable distance from everyone else, we’ll examine several teams behind them, who are bunched together and separated by only a few games.
The hamstring already kept Harden out of the two games prior to him tweaking it Monday against the Knicks.
If Dejounte Murray, Derrick White and Lonnie Walker keep improving, the Spurs would be the team nobody wants to see in the Play-In.
Love received a nice ovation when he was introduced before the game, and he promptly made his first three shots, two of them 3-pointers, to give the Cavs an early lead.
Denver completed its first season sweep of Philadelphia since 2015-16 on Tuesday by dominating the 76ers inside with Jokic.
• Both teams rank in the top 10 in percentage of total team points coming off the bench .
8 game, and the winner of that game claims the eighth and final playoff spot.
Edwards, the No.
Across his last two games, he’s logged at least 30 minutes in each contest while averaging 40 FD points.
With the league average having seen a jump of 1.3 points per 100 possessions, only the Knicks (-4.8), Cavs (-2.8) and Warriors (-2.5) have seen a bigger drop in points allowed per 100 than the Suns (-2.4), who are set to rank in the top 10 defensively for the first time in 20 years ( since 2000-01 ).
Mix in a sprained wrist, a sitdown related to virus protocols and more recent up-down churning, and it’s no wonder the questions about Wiseman’s progress have turned into what Warriors coach Steve Kerr sarcastically refers to as “the James Wiseman report card” each game night.
The Bucks are 14-10 on the road this season, averaging 119.3 points per game (2nd) but allowing 115.1 (21st) to their opponents.
Phoenix has played 126 total clutch minutes this season ( second most in the league ) and while Paul leads individuals with 115 clutch minutes played, Ayton is right behind him at 114.
He tallied 27 FD points across just 23 minutes in his previous matchup with the Bulls.
Joe Harris (BKN) $5,000 I’ll admit that the logic behind this pick is very simple: made 3s.
In the 240.9 minutes that Alexander-Walker has played without Williamson or Ball on the floor, he’s seen a 26.5 percent usage for the Pelicans.
Embiid averaged 38.3 ppg and 9.0 rpg in the three matchups with Boston, and connected on 60.4% from the field, making him one of just three players around the league to accomplish that feat this season against the Celtics.
But as Williamson rolled into post-up position, Nicolas Claxton scrammed Irving out of that matchup.
McLemore appeared in 32 games (four starts) for Houston this season, averaging 7.4 points, 2.1 rebounds and 0.9 assists in 16.8 minutes per game.
The Jazz remain the only team in the top five in both offensive and defensive efficiency, but the Suns aren’t far behind, ranking seventh and fifth .
He has actually started for Mason Plumlee twice this week, combining for 77 FD points in those two outings.
We will be indebted to him forever.” “Simply put, Rick Welts played a transformational role in creating the modern NBA during his more than 40 years as a pioneering league and team executive,” said NBA Commissioner Adam Silver.
ET, NBA League Pass The Bucks held Giannis Antetokounmpo (left knee soreness) out of the lineup against Sacramento on Saturday, but the Bucks still got the win thanks to a season-high 33 points (as well as 11 assists) from Jrue Holiday, who signed a four-year contract extension one day later.
The others were Dwight Howard with the Charlotte Hornets in 2018 and Kevin Love with the Minnesota Timberwolves in 2010.
But keep in mind, the Warriors still have Stephen Curry, and he’s the most accomplished and decorated player of anyone whose team is outside of the top-six spots in the West.
LaMelo Ball, Charlotte Hornets Season stats : 15.9 ppg, 5.9 rpg, 6.1 apg Since last Ladder: DNP  Last Ladder’s rung : 6 Parked here based on stellar half season, uncertainty of what’s next.
In just 26 minutes in his last outing, Clarkson posted 34.4 fantasy points, and he can reach 40.
McConnell becomes a lock priced less than $5,000 if Brogdon is forced to sit again, as he’s averaging 1.04 FanDuel points per minute in 628 minutes without Brogdon on the floor this season.
The level of effort and activity within the scheme can make all the difference.
I suspect that the Pacers were just being careful with their star point guard, and if he returns to the lineup tonight, he should easily hit 5x value against a salary this low.
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander is already ruled out, and Luguentz Dort, Aleksej Pokusevski, Darius Bazley and Isaiah Roby are all game-time decisions with various ailments.
If Toronto somehow salvages a postseason run, this single shot might loom large.
“My understanding is that things are going in a very good direction,” coach Rick Carlisle said.
He doesn’t shoot well outside of 15 feet, but remains an efficient offensive player, because he ranks fifth in free throw rate (54 attempts per 100 shots from the field) among the 251 players with at least 200 field goal attempts.
Michael Carter-Williams (ORL) $5,300 at NOP Another player with a hyphen in his last name playing in Thursday’s bout between the Pelicans and the Orlando Magic is Michael Carter-Williams.
The 6-foot-3, 195-pound Oregon State product averaged 2.54 steals to go with 10.8 points, 5.6 rebounds and 2.6 assists in 13 games in the pandemic-shortened season.
The Warriors have been trying all season to establish themselves as a bonafide playoff team.
For additional vaccine data, visit the CDC’s COVID-19 data tracker here .
Over the next 10 years, the 30 NBA team governors will collectively contribute $30 million annually in initial funding and the NBA Foundation will work strategically to develop additional funding sources.
Jordan Clarkson (PG – UTA) $5,300  As the leading Sixth-Man of the Year candidate, Clarkson doesn’t always play big minutes.
I prefer Graham to Terry Rozier ($7,400) simply because of the price differential.
Drummond scored four points in 14 minutes before leaving the court early in the third quarter after trying to play without the toenail on his big right toe.
Already holds the Pistons rookie record for threes (106) with 21 games to go.
Yes, this was supposed to be a holding-pattern season while waiting on Klay Thompson to heal.
Milwaukee has Antetokounmpo, Jrue Holiday, Brook Lopez, and so on.
Kyrie Irving, Brooklyn Nets 7.
Over his last four games, Caldwell-Pope is averaging 28 FD points in 34 minutes a night.
That’s actually the lowest percentage of the last seven seasons (since the Heat’s 9.5% in LeBron James’ last season in Miami).
Kyle Lowry was ruled out 7-10 days over a week ago, but it would be a surprise to see him suit up on Thursday.
The Heat lost Jae Crowder from last year’s playoff rotation and dealt with injuries and COVID-related absences early in the season.
Jaden McDaniels (MIN) $4,900 McDaniels has been impressive over the last week, averaging 13.2 points, 4.0 rebounds and 1.4 blocks over his last five games.
In that 1995-96 season, playing coach George Karl’s heavily (and rare at the time) switching style, Seattle controlled the Western Conference, finishing 64-18 with defensive and net ratings second only to the Bulls, and met Chicago in the Finals (losing in six games).
Johnson announced his decision Wednesday on social media, saying he has been thinking, praying and consulting with family and coaches since Tennessee’s season ended in a first-round loss to Oregon State in the NCAA Tournament.
Dallas Mavericks: The probability of Dallas being in the Play-In tourney is high as it seems unlikely to rise to six or drop out of the picture.
He had been the program’s highest rated signee.
Russell averaged 19.3 points and 5.1 assists over the first 20 games of the season.
Coach Dan Hurley said last week he did not anticipate Bouknight returning for his junior season.
What is scarier is Lillard believes the Trail Blazers, which have battled through a slew of injuries this season, are finally whole again and “trending upwards.” Last week’s ranking: No.
“He’s more of a scorer than a shooter and I think that’s what he got labeled at Kentucky,” UCLA coach Mick Cronin said.
NEW YORK — Today, the National Basketball Association (NBA) and CLEAR, the secure identity company, announced a partnership that will make CLEAR’s Health Pass technology available to NBA teams for COVID-19 health screenings in their arenas.
All nine of their clutch shots were 3-point attempts and they made just two of the nine.
That shouldn’t be hard to duplicate against a Cleveland team with a bottom-five defense since the opening month.
We really worked hard on his mid-range and him going to the basket.
Jaden Springer declared for the draft last week .
NEW YORK (AP) — Kevin Durant apologized Thursday for threatening and profane comments he made to entertainer Michael Rapaport through social media.
There’s nothing to be gained by missing the playoffs, and evidently the Bulls believe so, because that’s why they added a second All-Star next to Zach LaVine.
Joel Embiid collects 24 points in return Star center Joel Embiid returned to action on Saturday in Philadelphia’s 122-113 win over Minnesota.
The most consistent player in the field of Kia MVP candidates, Jokic put together his 18th game this season with 25 points or more and 10-plus rebounds for a Denver squad that possesses arguably the most potent offensive trio (Jokic, Murray and Michael Porter Jr.) in the league.
3, in part due to James Harden and Giannis Antetokounmpo missing time this week because of injuries.
• Brooklyn enters Wednesday ranked sixth in 3-pointers made (14.2 per game) and fourth in 3-point accuracy (39.1%).
But Giannis has missed several games, so we’ve got to see how he feels.
Over the last 10 years, Kawhi Leonard (four times, including this season) and Tyus Jones (three times, including this season) are the only players who’ve had more steals than personal fouls (with a minimum of 500 minutes played) more than twice.
There’s no timetable for his Dallas debut.
Prior to LeBron’s injury, the Lakers averaged 112.0 points per 100 possessions (15th in NBA).
Amid the absence of Ball, Stan Van Gundy has elected to give Nickeil Alexander-Walker more minutes, which he has taken advantage of.
ATLANTA (AP) — Atlanta Hawks guard Tony Snell is expected to miss at least two games, including Sunday’s game at Charlotte, with a right ankle sprain.
Embiid knocked down an incredible 16 free throws in a win Tuesday against Boston, which as a team took a total of just 18 attempts from the foul line.
He was injured when he stepped on Myles Turner’s foot while driving to the basket in the second quarter and immediately crumpled.
So, despite leading a shorthanded squad against a Knicks team that constantly sent double-teams his way, Irving racked up his seventh 40-point night as a Net, which ranks No.
It’s hard to find an excuse should Miami fall into a late-season bind, or a reason for the Heat to even be in an elimination tourney.
He has averaged 12 points and 5.5 assists to one turnover, shooting 43.5% in the losses, while managing a combined plus-10 in the past two.
Kenyon Martin Jr. challenged and made a clean block of Wiseman’s layup, and the Warriors big landed awkwardly on his right leg.
But as the Sixers prepare to visit the Celtics, not only did they fail to drop in the standings, but their confidence is understandably at a season-high.
If Williamson doesn’t have it, he can run into trouble … Williamson’s 18.9 ppg in the restricted area are the most in the last 25 years, but his 67.4% shooting in the restricted area ranks just 17th among 47 players with at least 200 restricted-area attempts.
And some bigs are more active and engaged than others in their drop coverage.
T.J. McConnell (PG – IND) $4,800  The Pacers’ backup point guard has been pretty steady of late, scoring between 24-28 FanDuel points in each of his last three outings.
Rondo was a free agent last fall and the Clippers were in the running … until they weren’t.
This Rondo-Clippers combination is coming five months too late, in a sense.
Donte DiVincenzo (MIL) $5,500 vs. CHA: It is undetermined if Giannis Antetokounmpo is going to miss his fourth consecutive game with a knee ailment on Friday.
The Indiana product just had a stellar performance against the Thunder, and while I don’t expect him to score 47.7 fantasy points again, he can reach 40-plus against Golden State.
Utah has Gobert, Mike Conley and others.
That leaves a lot of slack for their remaining starters to pick up, yet you can get most of them at quite affordable salaries.
Nuggets (29-18) at Clippers (32-17)  10 p.m.
Bayern won 82-72.
Hill knows the rest of the world is catching — or has caught — up to USA Basketball.
I think I can always be better.
“After missing 72 days of practice, he started his first game against Alabama and put up 26 points and nine assists to help us take the would-be SEC champions down to the wire.
Killian Hayes (DET): $3,500 at DEN In just his second game back from a lengthy absence, Hayes went off for 38.1 FD points in just 25 minutes Monday.
Prior to the injury, Ball was averaging 18.5 points, 5.4 assists, 5.3 rebounds and 1.8 steals for the Hornets.
Maybe they will, with Caris LeVert healthy and becoming more comfortable with his new surroundings.
Last week’s ranking: No.
He has seen 30+ minutes in his past three games, and he should easily hit 5x value at his $6,000 price tag as long as VanVleet and Lowry are both confirmed out again.
“It was a tough decision, a hard decision, but with that being said, I would like to declare for the 2021 NBA Draft and hire an agent,” Cooper said.
He was also a member of Canada’s U-18 National Team that captured a bronze medal at the 2010 FIBA Americas Under-18 Championship.
Hornets (24-22) at Nets (33-15)  7:30 p.m.
In his second season, Zion Williamson has not extended his range.
The fourth overall pick in the 2019 NBA draft from Virginia, Hunter was emerging as one of Atlanta’s top players at the time of his injury.
Kevin Durant should make his return tonight, but since James Harden will have to miss time with a hamstring injury, Harris should still have plenty of chances to hit value.
Portis just carved up the Dallas Mavericks to the tune of 42.8 FD points and he draws an even better matchup on Friday.
Keep in mind the Nets opened the contest without Durant, Tyler Johnson (right knee), Landry Shamet (right ankle) and Blake Griffin (left knee injury management), before losing Harden (who logged a little more than four minutes).
As noted above, one negative to switching is the mismatches it can create, both inside and out.
Giannis is not expected to miss extended time, so he should be available to join Holiday and the rest of the squad when they take on Luka Doncic and the Mavericks on Thursday.
Williamson ranks sixth in the league in field goal percentage as he connects on 62.4% of his shots (444-712).
Also, the Thunder allow the second-most FDPPG to opposing power forwards.
MILWAUKEE (AP) — The Milwaukee Bucks were without all five of their usual starters Friday night as they hosted the Charlotte Hornets a night after losing at Dallas.
He is questionable for Monday, but hopefully will be healthy come Saturday.
However, the Knicks have the fourth-ranked defense in the league — holding their opponents to 107.6 points per 100 possessions.
Beal scored 34 points against Phoenix in their first meeting on Jan. 11 as the Wizards handed the Suns their second-biggest loss of the season (21 points).
Now that they’ve pressed the accelerator with the trade, it would seem weird — and certainly disappointing — if the Bulls remain in 10th and be required to fight for their playoff lives.
ET, NBA League Pass After missing 10 games due to a bone bruise in his left knee, Joel Embiid return to the Sixers on Saturday and finished with 24 points, eight rebounds and three blocks in 29 minutes in a win over Minnesota.
He might not be the last to say goodbye.
So the Pelicans will sometimes try to set those screens as low as possible, like at the dotted circle … A low screen can make it tougher for the defender to get under and give Williamson a runway … Switching the ball screen can keep Williamson from being able to get downhill, but it can also put him in a matchup he prefers … Williamson has also shown an ability to read his own defender.
As a result, he’s now scoring 44.0% of his points from beyond the arc and only 34.7% of them in the lane.
Holiday agreed to his deal less than four months after the Bucks signed two-time reigning MVP Giannis Antetokounmpo to a supermax extension.
Among the topics covered over the two shows — Iverson’s highly-anticipated arrival, a new generation of multitalented and highly competitive rookies, and several high profile Draft day trades.
He’s averaged just under 40 FanDuel points over his last two games and should be good to go after being rested during Thursday’s game against the Wizards.
It’s really just repetition.
Originally the fifth overall selection in the 2010 NBA Draft, Cousins is a four-time All-Star, a two-time All-NBA Second Team member, and an Olympic Gold Medalist with Team USA.
Isaiah Stewart (DET) $4,900: Detroit is clearly in full-on rebuild mode, and Stewart is certainly one of the guys they want to build around.
James missed his sixth straight game for the Lakers with a sprained right ankle, and Davis missed his 20th consecutive game with a right calf injury.
• The Grizzlies lead the NBA in points off turnovers (19.4), second-chance points (15.2), points in the paint (55.6) and are tied for first in fast break points (15.9).
Harris needs to raise his free throw percentage by just 0.1% to be in the 50-40-90 shooting club .
Health Pass is a free, mobile experience by CLEAR that securely connects a user’s verified identity to multiple layers of COVID-19-related health information – like test results – to help reduce public health risk and aid in the safe return of fans to NBA venues in the United States.
“It’s a good pickup for a good team.
Memphis has eight players averaging at least 10 ppg, including six that have appeared in all four games.
ET, ESPN • The Nets “Big 3” of Kevin Durant , Kyrie Irving and James Harden has played just seven game together this season.
But, in due time.
The club’s record suffered as a result, but Dallas entered the New York game 17-8 since being a season-high five games under .500 in early February.
Redick met his new teammates at practice in New York on Thursday, a day before the Mavericks play the Knicks on their season-long five-game road trip.
The goal for the Pelicans’ offense in regard to the 20-year-old is the same as it was last season: Get him into the paint with enough runway for him to launch himself toward the rim, where he combines a deft touch with an uncanny ability to slice his wide body through however many defenders might be there (or just bounce off them).
The buzzword they use in Miami is “culture.” Spoelstra often says it’s not for everybody.
The latest Basketball Stories retrospective — airing as back-to-back hour-long episodes — documents the behind the scenes stories and celebrated careers for a collection of players that would go on to usher in a new era of basketball while amassing an astounding 61 NBA All-Star appearances.
Anunoby is a stat-sheet stuffer, so don’t be afraid to include him in cash or GPP lineups.
If one of either Ball or Williamson is designated as out, Alexander-Walker has achieved 5x value at his current price in seven out of his last nine outings.
4 Season stats: 28.8 ppg, 11.4 rpg, 6.2 apg, 1.3 bpg, 1.1 spg He missed his third-straight game Thursday due to left knee soreness, as the Bucks ruled out the two-time reigning Kia MVP approximately 90 minutes before tipoff in Dallas.
In 37 games (36 starts) this season, Beasley is averaging 19.6 points on 44.0% shooting, 4.4 rebounds and 2.4 assists.
We have a deep team.
Williams contributes in multiple areas in the box score, and at $4,500, he isn’t much of a risk at a thin small forward position.
He has been the league’s top on-ball defender all season.
Along with Val Ackerman, he was named “Marketer of the Year” by Brandweek in 1998 for his role in launching the WNBA.
Kyrie Irving ran a beige pick through the back of his hair under a black dad cap, and eventually launched into a long-winded explanation regarding the culture the Brooklyn Nets are working to build.
Johnson suffered a non-contact injury in Sunday’s loss at Chicago, and Shamet exited that same game in the fourth quarter in just his second contest back on the floor after missing five in a row with an injury to the same ankle.
The Heat have won four straight games to climb into fifth, and maybe this is them finding their rhythm.
Kawhi Leonard, LA Clippers 9.
Dwight Howard (PHI) $4,300: We’re going to take an educated guess and say that Joel Embiid is rested here.
• The Nets (39.1%, 4th) and Hornets (38.4%, 6th) are two of the top 3-point shooting teams in the league.
While Dario Saric is a “small-ball five,” that’s more about his offensive skill than his defensive mobility.
During his 17 years with the NBA league office in New York (1982-99), he filled many vital roles and eventually rose to Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and President of NBA Properties.
Steward was the leading freshman scorer in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
According to Second Spectrum tracking, Williamson had the ball for 5% of the time he was on the floor last season.
With every team having played at least 10 games since the All-Star break, here are the five teams that have seen the biggest jump in points scored per 100 possessions from before the break to after it: Biggest post-break jump, points scored per 100 possessions Some notes on those five teams: Here are the five teams that have seen the biggest drops in points allowed per 100 possessions since the break: Biggest post-break drop, points allowed per 100 possessions The Charlotte Hornets have surpassed expectations and are currently sitting in fourth place in the Eastern Conference at 24-22.
Starting shooting guard Noah Locke, forward Omar Payne, backup point guard Ques Glover and reserve forward Osayi Osifo entered the portal in hopes of finding more playing time or a more prominent role elsewhere.
4, 5 and 6 seeds are still very much up for grabs.
In 207 minutes with the trio of Harrell, Schroder and Kuzma on court, while LeBron and Davis are off court, the Lakers have a 107.4 offensive rating and 100.7 defensive rating and have outscored opponents by a total of 37 points.
Damian Lillard narrowly clings to the No.
We love that against a Wizards team that ranks last in points allowed while playing at the fastest pace in the league.
Kevin Durant came off the bench in Brooklyn’s 139-111 win over the New Orleans Pelicans.
“I felt how they clicked, what they were doing out there, I felt it,” Oladipo said.
Goga Bitadze (IND) $3,900 Bitadze, Indiana’s backup center, might be chalk if Turner gets ruled out.
As long as you can hoop, then people can see you in that way.” A high draft pick or not, Juzang has been an inspiration for players, particularly young Asian Americans.
Toronto Raptors: The Raptors were ready for the plug to be pulled when Kyle Lowry was dangled at the trade deadline, but the franchise icon was never dealt and so here they are.
I am proud to lead this team, and I can’t wait for all that comes next.” Williams retired last week after 18 seasons at his alma mater in a career that also included 15 years at Kansas and 903 overall victories.
While paying up for De’Aaron Fox should be a popular choice, Harrison Barnes could be a nice mid-tier option at the power forward position.
Under the terms of this deal, Holiday declines that option but receives base salaries of $30.1 million next season, $32.4 million in 2022-23 and $34.7 million in 2023-24.
He struggled in his final three games, shooting 34% from the floor and making 1 of 13 shots from 3-point range.
The Lakers have been able to maintain their staunch defense even with James and Davis sidelined ( 104.3, 2nd ); however, their offense has fallen dramatically without the two All-Stars ( 101.1, 30th ).
Paul George (33) and Kawhi Leonard (26) combined for 59 points in the win – tied for their fourth-highest combined total this season.
Despite his long layoff, Anthony would play 25 minutes and was a key member of the team off of the bench.
He shot just 29.4% last week and, another bad indicator, averaged only 1.8 free throw attempts in the five games.
In that case, Onyeka Okongwu becomes a viable value option at the center position.
Teague will wear No.
With De’Anthony Melton ruled out, more minutes should be available for Allen who draws his value primarily from threes and steals.
In the last two games without those guys, he’s combined for 18 points, 16 rebounds, 18 assists, and five steals.
For the Jazz, Jordan Clarkson is a way to get a piece of Utah’s roster for a reasonable price.
But Turner has been in the red each night for a cumulative minus-38, though the team was outscored by 16 in going 1-2.
But, they’ve been mediocre for a while now and the longer they stay trapped in this reality, the riskier it gets for their chances.
“It’s not something that’s on the top of my mind or really think about.
7:30 p.m.
While Hartenstein made only two of his eight shot attempts on Monday, he snagged 14 rebounds, and he recorded a team-high seven assists.
No timetable is currently set for his potential return.
CELEBRATION: The ball dropped through the net into De’Andre Bembry’s hand, he immediately slammed the ball into the hardwood, sending it skyrocketing as the team rushed to embrace Trent near midcourt, where he was shouting into the stands.
3 Clippers as they look to solidify their playoff position.
• Boston ranks eighth in the league for fewest points allowed in the paint , only giving up 45.4 in the lane per game thanks to sixth-ranked Robert Williams III averaging 1.9 blocks per contest.
2 spot, but he might be on the way out of the top five after sputtering in three straight games.
Coach J.B. Bickerstaff said Dellavedova practiced Wednesday, and as long as he gets final medical clearance, the 30-year-old will play against the Philadelphia 76ers.
The Warriors are expected to name a new President within the next week.
The Baylor Bears won their first NCAA tournament championship on Monday, beating Gonzaga, 86-70 , and did it with the help of NBA Academies product Jonathan Tchamwa Tchatchoua.
That’s all we’ve been asking for, with Boucher dropping 67 FD points across 36 minutes on Thursday.
Prince has taken Cedi Osman‘s spot in the rotation, playing in 25+ minutes in the past two games, where he scored 30+ FD points in both games.
“His extraordinary vision, leadership and humanity have defined his Hall of Fame career, which has set the standard of excellence in the sports industry.
The Clippers are top-four in the West and have realistic title dreams, but they’ve also had too many gruesome losses that make you wonder: 51 points to the Mavericks, 28 to the Grizzlies, 20 to the Pelicans, and are coming off a Tuesday loss to whatever’s left of the post-trade-deadline Magic.
The official word that Carlisle was out came just a few minutes before tipoff.
Horton-Tucker will serve his suspension tonight when the Lakers face the Miami Heat at AmericanAirlines Arena.
He had also served as head coach of the UNC junior varsity program and oversaw the program’s charitable endeavors.
On Monday, the Jazz face a Mavericks squad that has won four straight games for the fourth time this season, but is still searching for a five-game win streak.
He may not repeat that performance, but he should easily post enough points to hit value.
Juzang also has had a much broader impact, even if it’s been unintentional.
Overall, 15 NBA Academies players participated in the 2021 men’s and women’s NCAA Tournaments, a pipeline having quickly developed following the program’s launch in 2016.
The 30-year-old said his teammates reinforced his desire to stay in Milwaukee.
Once again, here in his twilight, Howard has landed a comfortable role with a team that needs him.
His defensive impact is legit: 1.2 steals, 1.2 deflections, 0.8 loose balls recovered nightly.
All but one of the past eight games in the series has been decided by single digits – including the last four.
Tucker (strained left calf).
Lillard scorched the Detroit Pistons from deep on Wednesday, hitting 5 of 7 to finish with 33 points.
Lillard leads the NBA in scoring since the All-Star break (29.8 ppg).
Coach J.B. Bickerstaff said Love — and guard Matthew Dellavedova, who hasn’t played in more than a year — were available Thursday night as the short-handed Cavs face the Philadelphia 76ers.
The Pelicans have won four of the five to climb within a game in the loss column of the ninth-place Warriors, with all three head-to-head matchups still to come.
The lack of a great high-volume 3-point shooter hurts a team that leans so heavily on Doncic isolations (he’s fifth in the NBA in total isolation plays).
“He’s a veteran guy, he’s played in good programs on good teams, so he knows how to fit in,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Cavaliers star center Kevin Love returned to the starting lineup and played in just his fifth game this season after being sidelined by a severe calf strain.
And the Bucks needed a big finish by Giannis Antetokounmpo just to survive the 76ers in overtime .
Deandre Ayton (PHO) $7,900: Many people consider Ayton a bust but let’s slow down a bit.
The team said Hunter will return to activity later this week.
“I’m a rhythm player and so I want to be in a good rhythm going into the playoffs.” The Mavericks made a deal just before the trading deadline March 25, getting Redick and Nicolo Melli from New Orleans for James Johnson, Wes Iwundu, a 2021 second-round draft pick and cash.
It should be noted that playing Mann can be risky as the Denver Nuggets have surrendered the seventh-fewest FD points per game to shooting guards in the last 30 games.
ET, commemorating one of the deepest and most impactful Draft classes in NBA history.
The Cavs have been ravaged by injuries all season, and not having Dellavedova hurt the club’s depth and deprived the team of having a guard on the floor to help mentor Sexton and Darius Garland.
The Pelicans have teased with wins over good teams before and still have a lot of work to do to secure a Play-In spot in the West.
Saben Lee (DET) $5,000 vs. WAS The Pistons are in full rebuild mode and are giving extended minutes to most of their younger players.
The Hornets have looked toward the end of this six-game road trip, but they’ve had multiple days off to get some rest, and they’ll take on a depleted Thunder team tonight.
Memphis Grizzlies: They’ve held it together all season while waiting for big man Jaren Jackson Jr. to heal from knee surgery.
Roby should earn the start, and if he does, he can easily reach 6x-7x value.
Philadelphia is now tied with the Brooklyn Nets for first place in the Eastern Conference.
The first-year center has garnered 25+ minutes in four straight games, and if he can avoid foul trouble, he should be able to get 20+ FD points against the Miami Heat.
Against Ibaka, Jokic had four points on 2-4 shooting, three assists and one turnover.
When he began to flourish and gain the confidence of coach Ty Lue and the respect of Kawhi Leonard and Paul George, it became apparent that Mann could be a replacement for Lou Williams.
Prematurely, as it turns out.
Exactly what, we’ll find out by season’s end.
Philadelphia at New Orleans  8 p.m.
He returned on March 29 and led the Mavericks to consecutive wins as they quietly creep up the West standings.
They’re a lot closer to 10th place than third place.
Even though Carter-Williams isn’t a cerebral scorer, he should have no trouble – especially with an expanded workload – producing against a New Orleans team that allows the second-most FD points per game to point guards.
Chris Boucher (TOR) $6,500: We already mentioned how Toronto is missing their two primary ball-handlers, and it’s done big things for Boucher as well.
Currently in his 10th season with Golden State, Welts has spent 46 seasons overall in the NBA, including roles with three teams—the Seattle SuperSonics, Phoenix Suns and the Warriors—and the NBA league office.
He finished with 17 points, eight rebounds and six assists.
Adrian Wojnarowski of ESPN was first to report the news.
DeAndre’ Bembry (TOR) $5,200 vs. CHI Once again, the Raptors are expected to be extremely shorthanded again on Thursday, which means there is value to be had.
But it didn’t work during the three-year tumultuous tenure of Matt Doherty – including an 8-20 season in 2002 – after Williams turned down the job following Guthridge’s retirement in 2000.
Despite the isolation issues, the Suns have been riding with Ayton down the stretch of close games.
Mann actually made the Rondo trade possible.
“I came in, addressed the team and came to speak to you guys.
We have the most talented staff in the industry, and we are poised for even greater success in the future.
He quickly rose, but was limping and wincing, which led to a Warriors timeout as Wiseman headed to the locker room.
The Nets’ team 3-point percentage gets a strong boost from Joe Harris, who ranks third in the league in 3-point shooting (48.4%) and fifth in total 3-pointers made (164).
In the last few weeks Mann had scoring games of 16, 21 and 23 points and rebounding games of 10 and 12.
Brooklyn ranks third in 3-point percentage (39.2%) and ninth in points in the paint (49.2 ppg).
The 27-year-old Harrison wasn’t selected in the 2016 NBA draft after a career at Tulsa in which he averaged 11.1 points and 3.5 assists.
Oladipo trains in Miami, his name somehow always seems to get linked to the Heat in trade or free-agent talks, and above all else he sees himself as a fit for the Heat.
The last five games have been the highest-scoring stretch (32.4 ppg) of Williamson’s career.
Everybody has talks after the games, ‘Let’s do this.’ But the culture that’s being built is that accountability, holding each other to that standard.
1 Season stats: 26.3 ppg, 10.9 rpg, 8.7 apg, 1.5 spg No Jamal Murray in the lineup on Wednesday, but that didn’t stop Jokic and the Nuggets from capturing their seventh straight win , a 106-96 decision over the Spurs, as they rolled to 16-3 over their last 19 games.
7 vs. No.
If Rubio is forced to miss Saturday’s game as well, McLaughlin should be a lock for 5x value priced at only $3,600.
I do watch film on certain guys, and I try to be as disruptive as I can.” The NBA’s developmental league has been giving out its DPOY since 2002.
He’s a meticulous worker and a tireless preparation guy.” Redick is shooting 36% from 3-point range, which would be a career low if he didn’t play again in the regular season.
Curry scored 21 in that blowout and the Sixers played with a noticeable swagger.
3) 33 points (14-23 FG, 3-5 3P), 7 rebounds, 11 assists, 1 steal, 1 block > Video Box Score
If he starts quickly and looks comfortable, the Grizzlies can make a serious run up the standings.
2 overall pick imposed development as a priority, and some midseason W-L hiccups had the Warriors adding Jordan Poole and Nico Mannion to the futures focus creeping into the present.
Durant is averaging 29.0 ppg, 7.3 rpg and 5.9 apg for the Nets this season.
Luke Kornet (middle baseline) slid over to cover Simmons and the middle of the paint was open for Embiid to roll into.
(Klay Thompson’s is ticking too in the rehab gym.)
• In two games against the Nets this season, Julius Randle is averaging 31.5 points, 9.5 rebounds, 5.5 assists and 2.5 steals.
On the first, Jeff Green switched a high screen, leaving Irving to guard Willy Hernangomez.
“That’s always a good feeling to hear from people, but I wouldn’t say it’s on the forefront of my mind,” he said.
The Heat at 22-14 with Butler in the lineup this season, and just 4-11 in the games he has missed.
ET, ABC • The Clippers won the first meeting of the season with the Lakers, 116-109 on opening night after the Lakers received their 2019-20 championship rings.
His minutes have hovered in the mid-20s, but his ability to rebound and rack up defensive stats give him a high floor and ceiling.
Oladipo came to Miami at the trade deadline last week , the Heat adding him — a two-time All-Star, a 21-point-per-game scorer this season and someone only three years removed from All-NBA status — from Houston in exchange for Kelly Olynyk, Avery Bradley and a pick swap in 2022.
It seems simple, but there are countless examples of where that next guy will rotate down without making the full effort to dislodge the opposing big man and keep him off the glass.
• After winning eight straight games, the Bucks have dropped three in a row entering Wednesday’s game.
It was a meeting that easily could’ve gone south for the Sixers, yet they showed plenty of spunk by sticking with the Bucks and forcing Milwaukee to pull its two-time MVP emergency cord.
Harden sat out the fourth quarter, finishing with 17 points, eight rebounds and six assists.
He logged 6.9 boards and 4.5 assists during the stretch.
Washington at Phoenix  10 p.m.
The former two-time NBA champion with the L.A. Lakers had not played since 2019, when he made his last appearance for the Milwaukee Bucks.
Grayson Allen (MEM): $4,700 at MIA Allen provided his second-highest FD point total of the season Sunday against Philly, and he’ll look to keep the momentum going tonight in a friendly matchup with Miami.
In the three seasons prior to coach Monty Williams’ arrival in Phoenix, the Suns ranked 28th , 30th and 29th on defense, so this has been quite the two-year turnaround.
That figure would reach $120 million in 2023-24 if Middleton exercises an option he has for that season.
If the season ended today, they would meet in the Play-In Tournament, but the East standings so crowded (currently there are only three games separating No.
If you’re someone who prefers to pay down at center most nights, Zeller and Wiseman look to be viable – but risky – options.
“He inspires his fellow staff members.
A native of Mobile, Ala., Cousins appeared in 25 games for the Rockets this season and averaged 9.6 points, 7.6 rebounds, and 2.4 assists in 20.2 minutes.
Not only has it forced him into the starting lineup, but it has also allowed him to play more minutes.
My main thing is finding a place where it’s the right fit and the right time.
• The Clippers (117.1) and Nuggets (116.8) rank second and third, respectively, in offensive efficiency this season.
“I’d rather go out there and have everybody out there playing.
So if the G League had a Defensive Player Ladder the way the NBA does, Payton II would hold the top rung.
Harden had missed the last two games with right hamstring tightness.
His return to the lineup comes on the same day the Timberwolves announced that guard Malik Beasley will be out 4-6 weeks with a left hamstring injury.
They signed him last month after he reached a buyout agreement with San Antonio.
Melton has seen an uptick in points in his last couple of games, and he really went off against Houston with 33 FD points.
“It gives them another presence defensively, gives them another scoring option,” Golden State guard Stephen Curry said.
LaVine joins Klay Thompson and Kobe Bryant as the only players over the last 20 seasons to score at least 39 in the first half.
The Nets won the game, 114-112, thanks to a 40-point effort from star guard Kyrie Irving.
Even though he’s failed to reach 5x value in his last two games at his current price, Clarkson hit 5x value in three out of his last five before that.
Seasoned from stints in Belgium, then Australia, the undrafted (in 2018) 6-foot-4 wing grew his game abroad to make this delayed splash.
Well, there were no better hands than those of Rick Welts, and his intuition proved to be spot-on as his leadership, vision, creativity and relationship-building enabled us to reach heights never seen before in the NBA on the business side.
This injury is on the opposite side of the gruesome broken left ankle Hayward suffered in his first game with the Boston Celtics in 2017.
being the exception, that these guys could all be on the shorter end of it.
Whittington played in four games, a total of 12 minutes, after signing a two-way deal with Denver on Nov. 24.
All three of his NCAA championships came with the Tar Heels.
Nothing easy Bojan Bogdanovic ended a nine-possession drought for the Jazz with a turnaround jumper over Booker midway through the first quarter, but the effort from Booker (pushing Bogdanovic away from the basket) and Mikal Bridges (pressuring the ball) to make the initial catch difficult was notable … 3.
Kevin Durant (29) and Kyrie Irving (25) combined for more than half of Brooklyn’s total points (54 of 104, 51.9%).
James Wiseman (GSW) $4,800: Wiseman is averaging exactly a fantasy-point-per-minute for the season, and with his playing time on the uptick, we have to keep riding him at this price.
Rather than stay in L.A. and join a contending team that needed his skills and experience, Rondo took a bit more money and signed with the Hawks.
“When I got hurt, and was laying on the floor in Washington, honestly, I thought I was done,” Embiid said.
That’s not to suggest a team with Pascal Siakam and Fred VanVleet and newcomer Gary Trent Jr. are incapable of doing so … it just would be so unlike them in 2020-21.
Amid a breakout second season with the Hawks, Hunter underwent arthroscopic surgery on Feb. 8.
Jordan Clarkson (UTA) $5,600 vs. POR The game that features the highest over-under on the slate is the late-night showdown between the Utah Jazz and the Portland Trail Blazers.
Tucker earlier this month.
More than a year since his last regular-season NBA game, the Cavaliers’ popular veteran guard could make his season debut Thursday night after being out with a concussion and appendectomy.
The majority of points for both players come in the lane as they also rank second and third (behind Zion Williamson’s league-leading 19.5 ppg) in points in the paint — Morant (10.8 ppg, 2nd), Barrett (9.0, 3rd).
Nicknamed “The Glove” for how closely he stuck to his men, Payton finished sixth in MVP balloting that season, one of eight times he placed in the Top 10.
What happens from here for Philly?
He played only two games before the knee began acting up again, causing him to sit out Atlanta’s last six contests.
Khem Birch’s impending return may cap his upside, but I suspect that the Magic will trust the hot hand tonight.
Memphis’ bench players average 40.1 ppg (3rd), accounting for 35.64% of the Grizzlies total points (3rd).
The 6-foot-8 point guard is expected to be a high pick — possibly No.
So when Ball went down with a broken bone in his hand, Wiseman theoretically joined Minnesota’s Anthony Edwards and Sacramento’s Tyrese Haliburton as potential usurpers.
This is a team comprised mostly of role players — Justin Holiday, Doug McDermott, TJ McConnell — who do their jobs fairly well.
And just trying to get one guaranteed year, when I can impress some people to maybe lock in for multiple years.” Here are the Top 5 this week on the 2020-21 Defensive Player Ladder: (All stats through Monday, April 5) Last week’s Ladder : 1 Don’t look now, but Gobert isn’t just a favorite to win his third Defensive Player of the Year award – he’s also likely to get some MVP votes, given his impact on Utah at both ends, his efficiency and the injury situations of some otherwise natural candidates like Joel Embiid, LeBron James and Anthony Davis.
The rookie forward has logged 29+ minutes in all of his past six games and that shouldn’t change on Friday.
He checked in and made it through just a few more possessions before taking himself out of the game in clear pain.
Patrick Williams, Chicago Bulls Season stats : 9.8 ppg, 4.8 rpg, 1.3 apg Since last Ladder: 12.3 ppg, 3.8 rpg, 2.3 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : 9 Adding Vucevic means shift to SF, but duties, workload remain.
The effort is also a personal best for Kanter, who is averaging 12.0 rebounds — fourth-most in the league — in just 26.7 minutes per game this season.
Milwaukee paid a heavy price to acquire Holiday in the offseason as it attempted to strengthen the team in hopes of getting a long-term commitment from Antetokounmpo, who signed a five-year supermax extension worth a reported $228 million in December.
While the Knicks have played inspiring defense this season, they have been awful against opposing big men, surrendering the fourth-most FanDuel points to centers.
Portland at LA Clippers  10 p.m.
Buddy Hield (SAC) $5,800 Hield is nearly $700 lower than his season average, and Saturday’s game against the Bucks is currently set at the highest over-under on the slate.
He finished his college career by scoring 24 points in Oklahoma State’s 80-70 loss to Oregon State in the second round of the NCAA Tournament.
Isaiah Hartenstein (CLE) $4,000 at OKC Due to Allen and Nance being out, the Cavaliers are left with Prince, Kevin Love, Dean Wade, and Isaiah Hartenstein in the frontcourt.
Last season, Butler (103 steals, 81 personal fouls) and Jones (59, 44) were the only two players that did it.
However, the Bucks have nine players averaging at one 3-pointer made per game, compared to seven for the Blazers.
Instead of challenging Ayton at the rim, Conley dragged him back out to the perimeter and then drove right past him … Another downside of an Ayton switch is that it takes the Suns’ rim protection away from the rim and can create a mismatch inside.
And offensively, he gives us that downhill attack, another guy that can make plays, another guy that can put pressure on opposing defenses in the paint.” It’s a fit that has been a long time coming.
Andre Drummond (LAL) $6,100: Just like Boucher, Drummond always performs when he’s given the playing time.
Williamson is on pace to make over 500 field goals this season.
Add in the Warriors’ vaunted culture and peer mentoring, presumably shortening the young man’s learning curve (he turned 20 last week), and many folks naturally focused on Wiseman.
Spurs guard Dejounte Murray remarked then: “They punched us in the face.” Shake (and bake) Milton: In the 10th and final game without Embiid, Milton erupted for 27 points in 27 minutes against the Cleveland Cavaliers, displaying the firepower Philly wants from the sixth man.
The Nets will pay a visit to the Chicago Bulls on Sunday.
While teammate Paul George has been one of the league’s best pull-up 3-point shooters this season, Leonard’s 30-for-94 (32%) on pull-up 3-pointers ranks just 47th among 62 players who’ve attempted at least 75.
“I don’t think you can kind of appreciate the strength and physicality he brings to both ends of the court until you get to see it night in and night out,” coach Mike Budenholzer said.
Time for Domantas Sabonis and Malcolm Brogdon to up their game, if possible, to put the Pacers in a better place.
With Kyle Lowry and Rodney Hood out, the whole team should see an uptick in usage, Boucher included.
Season stats : 10.5 ppg, 4.0 rpg, 1.3 apg Since last Ladder: 9.2 ppg, 2.8 rpg, 1.6 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : 5 His accuracy sagged last week – 39.7% overall – until his 9-of-15 (6-of-12 from the arc) for 25 points Tuesday at Denver.
Having traded scoring swingman Norman Powell to Portland on March 25 for Gary Trent Jr. and Rodney Hood, the Raptors lost four of five and seemed set to fall fully out of the playoff picture.
They’ll need him and better efficiency from Kemba Walker (39.7% shooting, his worst since 2014-15) and a quick study by Robert Williams to spare themselves the indignity of the Play-In.
NEW YORK — Toronto Raptors guards DeAndre’ Bembry and Fred VanVleet and Los Angeles Lakers guard Talen Horton-Tucker have each been suspended one game without pay and Raptors forward OG Anunoby and Lakers forward-center Montrezl Harrell have each been fined for their roles in an on-court altercation, it was announced today by Kiki VanDeWeghe, Executive Vice President, Basketball Operations.
– @jrue_holiday11  pic.twitter.com/wTVog8z7fc — Milwaukee Bucks (@Bucks) April 4, 2021 Under the terms of his new deal, Holiday receives base salaries of $30.1 million next season, $32.4 million in 2022-23 and $34.7 million in 2023-24.
His hiring was one of the most important decisions Joe and I have made since purchasing the Warriors.
Embiid checks in at No.
“This has been the ride of a lifetime,” said Welts.
He met virtually with reporters about an hour before the game to announce the positive test while revealing publicly for the first time that he is vaccinated.
He was named the Eastern Conference player of the week Monday after averaging 26.8 points, 8.5 assists, 5.8 rebounds and 2.5 steals over his last four games, all on the road.
Davis, the nephew of former UNC player and NBA All-Star Walter Davis, played for Smith from 1988-92 and still holds the program record for career 3-point percentage (.435).
7.
Kendrick Nunn led the Heat with 27 points, while Jimmy Butler added 24; the Heat are 4-1 this season when Nunn scores at least 24 points.
He scored six points on 3-7 shooting in 5:28 of matchup time against Nicolas Batum – getting 24% of his points in 35.5% of his total offensive matchup time.
Milwaukee gave up guards Eric Bledsoe and George Hill, first-round draft choice R.J. Hampton and two future first-round draft picks.
29) 25 points (9-17 FG, 4-10 3P), 3 rebounds, 7 assists, 2 steals > Video Box Score Mavericks 113, Celtics 108 (Mar.
“I was pretty sure this was a false positive and I’m grateful that it turned out that way,” Carlisle said Saturday before the game against the Wizards.
The real test is two months away, though.
The managing director role was created for him in 2005, after the Americans lost three games in the 2004 Athens Olympics and returned with an extremely disappointing bronze medal.
4 and No.
This season, he’s destroying his own record, averaging 17.9 restricted-area points per game .
It was Love’s first action since March 14, when he came back after missing 32 games.
“No, I haven’t spoke to him yet,” Nash said.
NBA TV will premiere a two-part special, Ready or Not: The 96 NBA Draft, on Sunday, April 11, at 8 p.m.
Ready or Not — themed after the chart-topping 1996 Fugees song of the same name — features rare pre-Draft footage, candid moments from the green room, plus interviews with more than 30 former NBA players, coaches and executives, including Iverson, Allen, Nash, Jerry West and Rick Pitino.
Durant played as a reserve for only the second time in his career — both in his last two home games.
Saturday’s victory pulled the Blazers to within 1.5 games of the fifth-place Los Angeles Lakers.
ET, TNT • Phoenix is coming off a 117-113 overtime win over Utah in a clash of the two teams with the top records in the NBA.
ET, ESPN • With Utah’s nine-game win streak snapped on Monday, the Suns are tied with Denver for the longest active win streak in the league (six straight).
It doesn’t pack quite the punch of “survive and advance,” a more urgent basketball phrase heard frequently at this time of year (generally attributed to late North Carolina State coach Jim Valvano for his 1983 Wolfpack’s run to the NCAA title).
But we just can’t force the issue.” So sometimes it will be 11 points, 10 rebounds and active defense in a first half, as Wiseman posted against Milwaukee Tuesday, and other times four points, four rebounds, 1-of-5 shooting and five turnovers, like his work at Miami last week.
Coach Jerry Stackhouse said Pippen earned the right to check out his draft status and has Vanderbilt’s full support.
We’ve reached April and, in a normal season, the playoffs would begin in about 15 minutes.
4, 5 and 6 seeds (in some order) behind the conference’s top three teams.
Cunningham won the Wayman Tisdale Award as the top freshman in college basketball.
His 15.6 ppg last week came on 11.2 FGA.
Harden falls back two spots to fifth, after missing three of his last four games with a strained right hamstring, and Antetokounmpo — having sat out of three consecutive contests with a sore knee — slips back a slot to No.
And I just really want to say this, too: We don’t take anything for granted, either, because there were days when we were on other teams trying to build a championship culture on our own.
Both teams enter Week 16 riding win streaks — three in a row for Milwaukee and four in a row for Dallas.
“I expected to come out here and play the way I played,” Durant said after Wednesday’s game.
He was slow getting there again, but Johnson missed an open 3-pointer … With the Nets’ switching scheme, opponents will continue to look for matchups they can take advantage of.
• The Suns opened the season 8-8 through Jan. 27 — tied with Cleveland and Atlanta at .500 for the 14th-best record in the league.
The Lakers are tied for seventh with six wins by 20 or more points.
They’d better make their move soon, or else.
He has a tenacious, burning desire to be the best he can possibly be; we witnessed that when he was a player, a broadcaster and an assistant coach — and I have no doubt he will ensure that our student-athletes and program will be the best they can be, as well.”
Enes Kanter (POR): $5,800 at LAC Jusuf Nurkic will miss this one, leaving Kanter to soak up minutes at center.
The most successful winners, by games eventually played in the NBA, include Toronto’s Chris Boucher and former role players DeAndre Liggins, Greg Stiemsma and Mikki Moore.
T.J. McConnell (IND) $4,900 This call is solely tied to the status of Malcolm Brogdon, who was forced to miss Friday’s loss to the Hornets.
ET, TNT • The Sixers lead the season series with the Celtics 2-0 — sweeping a two-game series on Jan 20-22 — with Joel Embiid averaging 40 points on 67.6% shooting and 10.5 rebounds over the two games.
He often saved his best moments for late-game surges.
Additionally, as COVID-19 vaccines continue to be administered across the country, CLEAR’s Health Pass will soon offer the ability to link an individual’s vaccination records to their Health Pass account.
While Damian Lillard ranks second in the league in scoring (29.6 ppg), he has been held in check by the Clippers over the past two seasons with Paul George and Leonard on the squad.
A more aggressive defense has a lower percentage, because opposing ball-handlers are more likely to give up the ball.
Other notables selected include NBA All-Stars Stephon Marbury, Antoine Walker, Shareef Abdur-Rahim, Jermaine O’Neal, Peja Stojakovic and Zydrunas Ilgauskas, plus NBA veterans Marcus Camby, Derek Fisher, Kerry Kittles, Erick Dampier, Lorenzen Wright and Tony Delk.
De’Anthony Melton (SG – MEM) $4,100  Honestly, you can make an argument for any player facing the Timberwolves.
Essentially, the key is finishing among the top six in the conference and avoiding such a tournament.
“We have a culture and a system here that works.
He’s still underpriced at $5.8K.
Pippen announced his intentions Saturday morning with a social media post .
It was the highest mark for any player who averaged at least five ball-handler possessions in the 16 years of Synergy tracking.
He’s averaging just under 30 FanDuel points over his last two games and gets a Mavericks squad on the road in the second leg of a back-to-back set.
“From the moment my father placed a ball in my hands, I knew I wanted to strive for nothing but greatness,” he wrote.
The team additionally ruled swingman Wesley Matthews questionable for Friday.
• The Nets lead the season series 2-0 and have won six of the last eight games between the two New York City squads.
“I think it’ll be a really significant moment and I think the more that it can just be felt where that is normal, I think is what can make it even more significant,” Miami Heat coach Eric Spoelstra, who’s mother is Filipino, said without talking specifically about Juzang.
He spent 20 games with the Agua Caliente Clippers — the LA Clippers’ NBA G League affiliate — and 41 games with the LA Clippers last season.
Last week’s Ladder : N/A It’s sometimes hard to separate the individual from the team entry on this Ladder.
Things are set up perfectly for Atlanta to avoid the Play-In or, at worst, grab the seventh seed.
New Orleans plays tomorrow night, so it’s possible Ingram and Zion make their return then rather than playing both nights of a back-to-back.
In 2020-21, 22.9% of their opponents’ possessions — the league’s highest rate — pick-and-roll ball-handler possessions.
Bucks (30-17) at Trail Blazers (29-18)  10 p.m.
Ben Simmons’ command: He’ll never be the scorer that observers want him to be.
ET, NBA TV • Luka Doncic ranks second in the league in drives (21.7 per game) and produces 12.7 points and 2.6 assists per game off those drives.
The school has long had a history of turning to people with UNC ties to lead its program, which owns six NCAA championships and ranks among college basketball’s all-time wins leaders.
500, are seventh in the Western Conference with 25 games remaining.
The veteran point guard has scored in double-digits in his first two games with the Pelicans and Lonzo Ball is questionable to suit up on Friday.
• The Knicks allow the third-fewest points in the paint (42.6 per game), with Nerlens Noel playing a major role in anchoring the defense.
Given the injuries, Chris Boucher is poised to see more run with the starters again.
In 68 career games, Williamson has made 19 shots (on 56 attempts) from outside the paint.
So just try to be patient with it all and just rehab as hard as I can, and I’ve been through this situation before so I just try to take myself back to that place.” Durant sat out the entire 2019-20 season, his first in Brooklyn, after rupturing his Achilles tendon playing for Golden State in the 2019 NBA Finals.
He will wear No.
That means the Mavericks will go as far as Doncic takes them — which at this point looks like the seventh seed.
And he swatted eight in Indiana’s past three games.
As a team, the Sixers rank 15th in bench scoring (35.2 ppg), while the Celtics rank 26th (31.9 ppg).
He has thrived on the court since transferring to Westwood.
If I was to bet, Antetokounmpo will sit at least one more game, paving the way for someone like Donte DiVincenzo to garner more minutes again.
Well, more than the Bucks and more than the Nets, the Sixers need to grab the top playoff seed if only for confidence reasons.
Scotty Pippen Jr. averaged 20.8 points and with 4.8 assists a game this season for Vanderbilt.
He had made major progress toward a return in February, but was sidelined again after having his appendix removed.
“But it wasn’t like we went to the gym and worked on defensive drills.
He had seven double-digit rebound games among the 10 without Embiid, including 15 against the Cavs .
• Milwaukee’s Jrue Holiday (1.8) and Portland’s Robert Covington (1.7) rank first and fifth, respectively, in steals per game.
In a statement, Steward said he plans to sign with an agent.
The incident occurred following the conclusion of the Kings’ 129-128 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks on April 3 at Golden 1 Center.
Jordan McLaughlin (MIN) $3,600 McLaughlin was given the starting nod for the injured Ricky Rubio on Friday and played 33 minutes in the loss.
It would be surprising if the Hornets fall into the Play-In Tournament, but all it’ll take is an unfortunate losing streak.
The Clippers are 12-2 this season when George and Leonard combine for at least 50 points.
He also holds a $37 million option for 2024-25.
Cooper averaged 20.2 points, 8.1 assists and 4.3 rebounds after being declared eligible by the NCAA.
Barclays Center only began allowing limited crowds on Feb. 23.
The Nets were hoping to finally be whole again this week, but now with Harden hurt again it’s unclear if they’ll be able to put either of their other superstars out there with Irving.
It’s not known how much longer he’ll be out after missing 29 of Atlanta’s last 31 games.
Deni Avdija (WAS) $4,400 at GSW: The Washington Wizards have finally figured out that it’s worth giving Deni Avdija more minutes in his rookie season.
“I think it’s pride – it’s fun for me to guard the best player [on the other team] and shut them down.
New York Knicks: Gotham is giddy over the Knicks being in playoff contention this late into the season.
He owns the rare distinction of being part of championship teams in the NBA (4), WNBA (2) and the NBA G League (1).
This was a reassuring performance for a player who helped the Lakers in a similar role last season.
That means 25-30 fantasy points are definitely in play, especially against a Houston club that surrenders the fifth-most fantasy points to opposing centers.
Welts has been a member of the NBA for nearly five decades, including this most recent stint with the Warriors, which began in 2011.
1 team in the East.
The Suns don’t really have a switch-everything lineup they can turn to.
His decision was no surprise — he participated in Senior Night activities before the Cowboys faced Oklahoma in Stillwater.
• Blake Griffin has appeared in five games since making his Nets debut on March 21.
Below is a full list of the grant recipients: Big Brothers Big Sisters of Miami Big Brothers Big Sisters of Miami, Inc. aims for all youth to achieve their full potential by creating and supporting one-to-one mentoring relationships that ignite their power and promise.
Danilo Gallinari (ATL) $5,200 at SAS The Atlanta Hawks will be without Collins on Thursday, leaving them extremely thin in the frontcourt.
James Harden left in the first quarter with right hamstring tightness and was soon ruled out for the night after playing only 4 minutes, 22 seconds.
“I think defensively, it’s extremely natural, the fit.
And much of that late-game success is due to their success from beyond the arc.
Over Phoenix’s last 33 games, Booker has averaged 27.5 points (8th in NBA) on 20.2 shots per game and shot 50.3% from the field.
The winner plays the loser of the No.
Oladipo has been an offseason Miami resident, and now, he’s finally an in-season one as well.
It wasn’t.
Sunday night was tied for the fifth-lowest scoring game the Sixers have had all season.
When it comes to NBA defense, there’s the scheme and there’s the energy and communication within the scheme.
Tuesday’s game against Philadelphia is the fifth game of a seven-game homestand for the Celtics, who are 15-9 at home this season compared to 10-16 on the road.
“If that’s to go lock someone up or play 94 (feet), he’s going to do it.
“The expectations stay the same.” Charlotte pulled ahead for good on a Bridges 3-pointer midway through the first quarter and led by as many as 21.
The Cameroonian national played 16 minutes off the bench, contributing six points (3-for-4 FGs), two rebounds, an assist and two steals.
Andrew Wiggins was the primary defender on Middleton for a team-high 3:08 (35.2% of Middleton’s offensive matchup time) and held Middleton to two points on 0-for-3 from the field and 2-for-2 on free throws.
Davis went onto become a first-round NBA draft pick by the New York Knicks and spent a dozen seasons in the league.
Last week’s Ladder : 5 The mix-master of Milwaukee’s defense has a 106.6 defensive rating.
But some of the smiles Quickley generated for most of the season have turned upside down.
Washington, but he quickly pivoted and curled off a cross-screen from Bismack Biyombo, who had slipped out of a ball-screen for Hayward … The Hornets actually lost a clutch game on Sunday, falling in overtime to Phoenix.
Or at the very least, avoid falling to nine or 10 and needing to win twice to get a playoff spot.
Harden is averaging 25.9 points, 8.2 rebounds and 11.1 assists this season.
Despite being a backup, McConnell has a consistent floor that makes him a worthy cash player tonight.
But when he’s on the floor, he’s quite efficient.
“Made me feel like family.
The 32-year-old guard has experience with Bucks coach Mike Budenholzer, who coached Teague for three seasons from 2013-16, including Teague’s lone All-Star season in 2014-15.
STORRS, Conn. (AP) — UConn sophomore James Bouknight has announced his intention to enter the NBA draft.
“We got dominated at both ends of the floor.
The Nuggets won the rebounding battle against the Embiid-less 76ers 51-34 and outscored them in the paint 44-32.
The injury lingered, and the five-time All-Star struggled to gain enough confidence to play at less than 100%.
He was only 3 years old by the 1996 Finals, but claims he absorbed the lessons on display.
He sustained a head injury during the preseason and was close to coming back when he felt ill and had his appendix removed in February.
I still see him as a GPP play since his minutes aren’t concrete, but he has some serious upside.
1 pick had a couple of plus nights in victories over New York and Sacramento.
Leonard does most of his work inside the arc, and while he’ll occasionally turn the corner with some burst … … his attack is usually more deliberate, slow and strong.
Patrick Williams (CHI) $4,500 at TOR Patrick Williams has shown plenty of promise on the defensive end for the Bulls, and his offense is improving.
While the veteran guard was once again a sixth man fixture, he struggled early this season and Mann began to claim some of Williams’ minutes off the bench.
He scored nine points on four-for-nine shooting and grabbed four rebounds in 13 minutes.
Mavericks (25-21) at Knicks (24-24)  7:30 p.m.
Bitadze just recorded 31.1 FD points on Wednesday versus the Minnesota Timberwolves in 25 minutes.
That was the league’s lowest rate .
In the 18 games that Joel has missed this season, Howard is averaging nearly 30 FD points per game.
Assistant Jamahl Mosley filled in as the Mavs beat the Knicks 99-86 .
Malik Monk has been out the last week with a sprained right ankle.
Ayton was able to stifle the drive and then recover back to Gobert’s roll, getting some help from Jae Crowder, who forced a jump ball … On the next possession, Ayton stayed in front of a Mike Conley dribble-handoff drive, didn’t bite for an Ingles-esque pass fake, and blocked Conley’s shot .
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — Pau Gasol played his first game in two years on Friday after returning to Barcelona, the team where he started his career two decades ago.
• James Wiseman ranks fifth among eligible rookies in scoring (11.4 ppg), second in rebounds (5.8 rpg) and fourth in blocks (1.0 bpg) despite being 15th in minutes played (21.7 mpg).
With Beverley unavailable, the Clippers are expected to rely more on recently acquired veteran point guard Rajon Rondo as well as Reggie Jackson.
Due to his ability to produce steals and blocks, he’s a valuable player to use on FanDuel.
Responding to Joel Embiid’s pre-game declaration on Tuesday that he’s back, Philadelphia 76ers coach Doc Rivers deadpanned: “I noticed.” We did, too, in welcoming back Embiid to the top five of this week’s Kia Race to the MVP Ladder.
Simmons showed why the Sixers refused to swap him for Harden months ago by playing admirably at both rims.
He played four years in college, which these days is a detriment to big-league success, and was drafted late in the second round.
We’ve been playing better basketball, and we know we can win.
“The ideal number is the most amount of games possible,” said Redick, who is recovering from a right heel injury that required an injection and last played March 3.
While Philadelphia has been a tough matchup for opposing power forwards this season, McDaniels is a fantastic upside play priced below $5,000.
Svi Mykhailiuk (SG – OKC) $3,700  After earning two-straight starts for the Thunder, Mykhailiuk should earn the start again tonight, yet he’ll cost you just $3,700.
Durant rotated down to Jaxson Hayes and Irving rotated out to Johnson.
After his playing career, Davis spent seven years with ESPN as a college basketball analyst until Williams asked Davis to join his staff in 2012 — which Davis said at the time was “a total surprise.” Now it’s up to Davis to keep the Tar Heels among the nation’s elite programs.
• The Blazers enter Friday looking for their fifth straight win.
• Andre Drummond is set to make his Lakers’ debut on Wednesday against Milwaukee.
He did so in 1995-96, a runaway winner in the voting (56 first-place votes) over historic defensive candidates such as Scottie Pippen (15), Dikembe Mutombo (11), David Robinson (9), Hakeem Olajuwon (8), Michael Jordan (7) and Dennis Rodman (4).
Road to Hire Road to Hire (R2H) is a Charlotte-based organization that is redefining who is given the chance to start a life-changing career by connecting under-resourced young adults with onramps to high-earning and in-demand careers through paid training, college access, robust life skills support and mentorship.
Saben Lee has been handed a starting role, but his minutes have been inconsistent in the past four games.
Thomas, 32, last played on Feb. 3, 2020 as a member of the Washington Wizards.
Charlotte is already without rookie guard LaMelo Ball, out indefinitely with a broken right wrist.
After the positive test, Carlisle stayed behind at the team hotel.
Harden originally sustained the injury on March 31 against the Houston Rockets but appeared to reaggravate the hamstring in his return against the New York Knicks on Monday.
The East has three clear favorites, but there are three more seats at the table.
On the other end of the floor, Butler is great at avoiding the whistle.
And now that he’s in Miami, he’s eager to see if another deep Heat postseason run can happen.
Redick made the playoffs each of his first 13 seasons in the league before the Pelicans failed to qualify during the NBA’s coronavirus restart in Florida last year.
1 Season stats: 26.8 ppg, 11.1 rpg, 8.5 apg, 1.6 spg A triple-double machine, Jokic is one of the main reasons Denver is 9-3 since the All-Star break.
Information from The Associated Press was use din this report.
As Kerr said: “There are moments when he looks like a future superstar.
Utah has outscored its opponents by 166 points in Gobert’s 267 minutes on court during the streak.
29) 24 points (8-14 FG, 5-5FT), 4 rebounds, 7 assists, 3 steals, 1 block > Video Box Score Bucks 112, Lakers 97  (Mar.
ET, TNT • The Heat won the first meeting for the season with the Lakers, 96-94 on Feb. 20 in the first of two regular season rematches from last year’s Finals.
The recipe seems to be: Start with the first three, then use Rondo as the closer.
Dellavedova had two assists after checking in with four minutes left in the first.
“That experience — having a chance to practice with, learn from, spend time with arguably the greatest team ever assembled — it wasn’t a formal even with a medal ceremony and the like, but it certainly was a pivotal moment for me and my development and my growth as a player.” Hill’s job that day was to beat USA Basketball’s best.
“We obviously hope he can be back 100% sooner than later.” The Mavericks, who are 17-8 since a six-game losing streak that dropped them a season-high five games under.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Matthew Dellavedova’s long wait to play again may finally be over.
Hayes is still priced at the bare minimum, and that’s a salary to exploit.
But grabbing raw and high-ceilinged big man James Wiseman with the No.
The Gators shouldn’t have much trouble replacing any of the four transfers.
Cooper is one of just seven players nationally to average 20 points and eight assists per game in the last 25 years, joining recent players such as Ja Morant (Murray State) and Trae Young (Oklahoma).
MIAMI (AP) — Victor Oladipo got swept out of the first round of the playoffs last season by Miami, and when that series concluded he had no doubt the Heat would end up in the NBA Finals.
ET, ESPN • Dallas won the first meeting of the season against the Celtics — 110-107 on Feb. 23 — thanks to a Luka Doncic deep 3-pointer with 0.1 seconds remaining.
• This is the fifth game of a six-game road trip for the Bucks, which began on March 29 with a loss to the Clippers, followed by three straight wins against the Lakers, Kings and Blazers.
Washington (CHA) $5,200 Washington is my favorite player to target in Charlotte’s offense.
Jimmy Butler is a master at drawing fouls.
I’m just Johnny,” said Juzang, who’s mother is Vietnamese.
He is almost guaranteed to get a steal and/or block while grabbing three to five boards, and he can even score in double-figures.
• The Lakers have been without both Anthony Davis and LeBron James since LeBron left in the second quarter against Atlanta on March 20 with a high ankle sprain.
But the Nets don’t want Kyrie Irving defending the post (or having to box out an opposing center), so they’ll often execute a “scram” switch, where, after a switch out high, a third defender will come rescue Irving from an interior mismatch and send him elsewhere.
Kawhi Leonard, LA Clippers 8.
I’d pick their brains too, just try to take as much knowledge.” It certainly is possible Payton II got his unwanted nickname around that time.
Joe Harris (158) and Terry Rozier (149) rank fifth and eighth, respectively, in 3-pointers made , with Harris ranked second in the league in accuracy at 48.9%.
“Yeah, I feel like that’s what I want to be a part of.”
“We don’t worry about that,” coach Frank Vogel said of the Lakers’ mounting injury woes.
Andre Drummond’s debut with the Los Angeles Lakers was cut short due to a bruised right toe that sent him limping to the locker room.
Which means, before the intensity of the playoffs, the league will present the super-intensity of the Play-In Tournament on May 18-21, where four teams in each conference will either see their season go up in smoke, or toward the next step, in a matter of days.
LeBron James did issue a warning through a cryptic post on Instagram that suggests he’ll soon be jumping back into the hunt, too, along with teammate Anthony Davis.
Four future Naismith Basketball Hall of Famers were selected in the 1996 NBA Draft, starting with first overall pick Allen Iverson, followed by Ray Allen, Kobe Bryant and Steve Nash.
He’s already starting to plan.
If Ball is held out of Friday’s contest against the Philadelphia 76ers, Thomas becomes a decent value play at the point guard position, especially if Kira Lewis is also ruled out.
Although the Hawks won eight straight recently, their surge came courtesy of a soft schedule.
I think when you’re trying to accomplish something, first, you’ve got to look in the mirror, look at yourself, see what things you can do better and ways you can contribute in a better way for the betterment of the team.” He’s done that for sure, while simultaneously kicking open the door for entry into the top five of this week’s Kia Race to the MVP Ladder.
Only this time, Lola Bunny is making the assist.
The Clippers won the first meeting of the season with the Blazers, 128-105 on Dec. 30 in LA, behind Kawhi Leonards 28-point effort.
There is not timetable for his return, and he will be re-evaluated in three to four weeks.
Bobby Portis (MIL) $5,800 vs. CHA: Another member of the Milwaukee Bucks that could benefit from Antetokounmpo being ruled out again is Bobby Portis.
Irving guarding somebody big is one of those matchups and the Nets are well aware of that.
And speaking of cushy, the Hawks’ final 16 games includes playing the Pacers, Wizards and Magic twice and the Rockets once.
“Growing up, he was always competitive with us.
Check out their performances from the past week of action.
2 Season stats: 29.2 ppg, 4.3 rpg, 7.7 apg He’s struggled for three consecutive games, with the Blazers losing two in a row.
Then we give it an overall grade on a scale of 1-5 Robert Horrys, named for the patron saint of last-second answered prayers.
Still, it’s a wide-open race now that Embiid’s back in the mix, and as you can see here , there’s still no real consensus on the favorite to win the Kia MVP, even among some of the league’s all-time greats.
Even if he regresses, I can see him hitting 7x value, making him a solid GPP or cash play.
Yao Ming never played college basketball, going straight from the Chinese national team to the NBA.
Here’s a reminder about the Play-In Tournament — May Madness, if you will: The teams with the seventh- and eight-best records in the regular season will meet.
Boston Celtics: Do you think the Celtics awaken some mornings in a cold sweat over a nightmare that had them sitting on the fence in the playoff picture, only to rub their eyes and realize it was no nightmare?
T10.
With the Suns now just a game behind the Jazz in the loss column for the top seed in the Western Conference, they’ll meet again in Phoenix on April 30.
Welts will remain associated with the organization as an Advisor.
But right now, by sitting on the edge of playoff contention, the Warriors find themselves in a worst-case scenario — and can only hope their next step won’t be on a banana peel.
The team said in a statement Saturday that Hayward will be reevaluated in roughly four weeks.
And there are moments he looks like a young rookie who is trying to figure things out.
Gary Payton II and his more famous father pose an interesting question to devotees of basketball defense: Is that what the D in DNA stands for?
Is Dame ready for a breakout game against LA?
STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Cade Cunningham announced Thursday that he will enter the NBA draft after a dynamic freshman season that saw him named a first-team AP All-American.
When the Clippers added guard Luke Kennard last fall and gave him a rich four-year contract extension, Mann’s role seemed tenuous.
The teams are an even 21-21 with the Clippers designated as the home team as they will be on Sunday.
ET, TNT • Brooklyn will be on the second night of a back-to-back on Thursday; so far this season, the Nets are 4-4 on zero days rest and have averaged just 111.6 points per game – down 7.5 ppg from their league-leading season average of 119.1 .
And, they have Clint Capela (15.1 ppg, 14.2 rpg) around to clean up their misses and provide rim protection (2.3 bpg).
We know what he brings to the table, we know the respect that he garners from all of us in terms of a leader on our team, but we’ve got to figure it out, game-to-game, until he’s back.
It will be history if he is.
His ceiling is a bit limited, though, so I see him more as a cash play tonight.
The first-time All-Star shot a sizzling 13-for-19 from the field, including 7-for-9 from 3-point range, before halftime.
The New Orleans Pelicans announced Friday evening that guard Josh Hart suffered a torn UCL in his right thumb during Thursday night’s game against the Orlando Magic.
The top six teams in each conference automatically qualify for the postseason, while teams placed seventh through 10th will participate in the Play-In Tournament to determine the final two playoff spots in each conference.
The Nets will be without Harden (hamstring), but will have Kevin Durant in the lineup, who missed the first meeting, as did L.A.’s Anthony Davis, who will be out for this game as well as LeBron James (ankle).
And we’ll just see how it feels in the morning and go from there.” “Any time someone goes down it’s very concerning,” Irving said.
Colangelo’s departure was not unexpected; the 80-year-old made no secret of his plans to retire after the Tokyo Games, which were delayed one year to this summer because of the coronavirus pandemic.
I’ll gladly take him at this depreciated price.
Therefore, when Rondo became available, the Clippers had someone to offer in a trade … and it wasn’t Mann.
“He’s a guy situationally whose shooting is a difference-maker,” Carlisle said.
He went to the Clippers, who had veterans at his position and were in win-now mode, and teams in those situations don’t create opportunities for the young and unproven.
This will be Phoenix’s 12th game on the second night of a back-to-back; they are 9-2 in such games so far this season, with an average point differential of plus-10.2 ppg.
With Turner already ruled out for the Pacers, Goga Bitadze is slated to start at center for Indiana again on Friday.
If Beal is forced to miss another game for the Wizards on Thursday, Hachimura should continue being the second scorer on the team alongside Russell Westbrook, making him a decent value at $6,000 against the Detroit Pistons.
and celebration.
Cody Zeller (CHA) $4,600 at BKN Attacking the Brooklyn Nets in the paint has proven to be one of the rare ways to cause fits for the second-seed in the Eastern Conference.
The Mavericks were hit hard by COVID-19 in January, with as many as four rotation players sidelined at the same time.
6 with Luka Doncic, who helped Dallas bounce back from a rough loss at Houston with a win Thursday against Milwaukee.
• The Lakers were shorthanded in the first meeting as Anthony Davis and Dennis Schroder missed the game, and will be shorthanded again on Thursday as Davis and LeBron James will be out of the lineup.
After Charlotte, the teams with the lowest rates are Miami (Bam Adebayo liberally switches ball screens), Toronto, Denver and Indiana.
The first day I met Joe Lacob and Peter Guber, I wanted to be a part of building what I knew could be a special organization.
It was the kind of launch a team needed, at least from a psychological standpoint.
His fantasy output hasn’t directly followed through with his playing time, but he can drop 40-plus fantasy points at will.
“Jrue is one of the top guards in the NBA and we are thrilled to sign him to this extension,” Bucks general manager Jon Horst said in a statement Sunday.
Wiseman was drafted ahead of Charlotte’s LaMelo Ball, who almost instantly seized the favorite status as Kia NBA Rookie of the Year and top rung on this Rookie Ladder.
Such as the Golden State Warriors, more so maybe than most.
Mann has surpassed 5x value in five out of his last six games, including the past two games that George has missed.
CLEAR’s Health Pass allows fans to securely access and verify their health information prior to entering an arena.
“What he does defensively, takes on different matchups, different-sized guys, you hear about it and everybody talks about it and everything, so you have this expectation, but once you’re around it, it’s even more impressive.” Holiday is averaging 17 points, 5.4 assists, 4.6 rebounds and 1.8 steals this season.
Rui Hachimura (WAS): $6,000 Hachimura has been amazing outside of Thursday’s 10-point dud, and he’s been one of the biggest beneficiaries in Bradley Beal’s absence.
Maybe the same widespread belief was held about the Sixers’ place in the pecking order, too.
The grants will enhance and build upon the important work of these national and local organizations that align with the NBA Foundation’s mission to provide skills training, mentorship, coaching and pipeline development for high school, college-aged, job-ready and mid-career individuals in Black communities across the United States and Canada.
And again, it’s not really about speed … While Leonard has been an efficient ball-handler, he hasn’t been a high-usage one.
If Aron Baynes ($3,600) earns the start for Toronto, he could also make a sneaky play at the center spot.
Patrick Williams (CHI) $4,500 at ATL: As I mentioned yesterday, Patrick Williams has shown plenty of potential on the defensive end for the Chicago Bulls.
Desmond Bane, Memphis Grizzlies Season stats : 9.4 ppg, 3.1 rpg, 1.4 apg Since last Ladder: 11.0 ppg, 5.5 rpg, 2.5 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : 8 Not just his recent shooting (43.8% 3FG) – he was plus 4.8 for the week.
I see him as a safe play because he should see more run than 23 minutes against a mediocre Chicago defense in a pace-up spot.
It also told us why Philly is still near the penthouse of the conference and warding off overthrow attempts from the Brooklyn Nets and Milwaukee Bucks.
Gasol started the Euroleague home game against Bayern Munich.
Now, it’s etched forever in the franchise’s record books as well.
The two-time All-Star is dealing with a right knee injury, which he sustained on Thursday against the Los Angeles Lakers, and will be further reevaluated.
Still, it’s his results as a rim protector and helper – a 6.6 percentage point difference in opponents’ FG%, the 19.5 DFGA he faces and his 0.168 defensive win shares – that fuel the Jazz’s play overall.
Love played 45 total minutes in Cleveland’s first two games before missing more than two months with the injury, which he initially sustained during the exhibition opener and was only supposed to keep him out for a month.
In a pace-up spot against Memphis, McDaniels makes a fine GPP play.
The Minnesota rookie has seen some serious minutes in his last three games, reaching at least 35 in each of those outings.
The organization earned numerous accolades across all facets of the business, including being named “Franchise of the Decade” among all professional sports teams by Sports Business Journal in 2019.
Players in similar situations, given their age and the fact they’ve already made money, would take the winner over the developing team.
That minute total is all you can ask for from such an affordable player, and we certainly don’t mind the matchup we just discussed.
RJ Barrett ranks third among eligible second-year players in scoring (17.2 ppg) and sixth in rebounding (5.9 rpg).
“It’s good to get a few of those sessions in before I went and jump into an NBA game.
Rapaport released images of the private messages Tuesday on his Twitter account, and they included homophobic and misogynistic language from the Brooklyn Nets star.
After guiding the franchise to one of the most successful decades in NBA history from a business operations perspective, Golden State Warriors President and Chief Operating Officer Rick Welts will step away from his role with the organization at the end of the 2020-21 season, Welts and the team announced today.
His biggest asset is his ability to have the ball in the fourth quarter, when the Clippers all too often resort to George and Kawhi taking turns with isolation ball.
Williams hit 5x value for the fifth time in his past seven games on Thursday night and FanDuel didn’t alter his price on Friday, making him an intriguing salary-saving option at small forward against the Atlanta Hawks.
He’s also hit 5x value in four out of his last six outings and he’s turned the ball over just twice in his previous 11 games.
That could set up Moses Brown for a massive role on Thursday.
ET, TNT • The Bucks won the first meeting of the season with the Warriors, 138-99 on Christmas Day , behind Khris Middleton’s 31 points in 26 minutes.
He will have to see the floor for 33-36 minutes with all the injuries, and even if he plays below his season average of 0.91 FPPM, he’ll still reach 5x.
“I feel like being a part of this and walking around that locker room every day and seeing those championships, and walking around and seeing what winning looks like, it’s going to help me be a better player, be a better person, and help me help this team win at the highest level.” That, and he’s already had a taste of that culture from the workouts he used to share with Wade.
Personally, I am excited for my own next chapter.
Birch played collegiately at the University of Pittsburgh (2011-12) and UNLV (2012-14) where he was named Mountain West Defensive Player of the Year back-to-back seasons.
The Raptors lost to more players from their championship core and had their own battle with COVID.
The veteran guard has also posted 34+ FD points in back-to-back games.
The incident occurred with 2:24 remaining in the first quarter in the Lakers’ 110-101 win over the Raptors on April 6 at Amalie Arena in Tampa, Florida.
The delay of these Olympics compresses everything; the next Basketball World Cup is only two years away and the Paris Games are just three years out.
Beal averaged a league-high 32.9 ppg in 32 games prior to the All-Star break , but his average has dropped to 25.7 ppg (13th in NBA) in 10 games since the break .
I will cherish every experience I’ve had over the last two years and I truly believe every one of those experiences has prepared me for success as I move forward in my career.” Bouknight averaged 18.7 points per game this season, but played in just 15 contests, missing eight games after undergoing elbow surgery in early January.
“I can bang with the big fellas, I have no problem with that.
Devonte’ Graham has shot 10-for-18 (56%) on clutch 3-pointers, the second-best mark among 39 players who’ve attempted at least 15.
After going undrafted in 2014, Birch played with Sioux Falls of the NBA G League (2014-15) and overseas in Turkey (2015-16) and Greece (2016-17) prior to signing with the Magic as a free agent in the summer of 2017.
You don’t just build a team in a week or in two weeks.
I’d be willing to take a chance in tournaments at this bottom-barrel price.
Lawrence Frank, the team’s president, said the Rondo Affect should permeate the team: “It’s because he dials it up and he becomes even more locked in and it has a very contagious effect.
Then, we can get our defense set.
“At this stage of his career, a couple, three weeks off, whatever it’s been, might actually be a good thing.
He would have been on the team again in 2000 if not for injury.
We’ll try to figure it out quickly.”
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Embiid certainly hasn’t missed a beat since his return, averaging 29.5 points in his two games back.
I actually think I’m more physical than the league likes.
Plus, now Embiid is healthy and they know the rest of the rotation aced the season’s biggest test so far.
Brooklyn was 7-6 before acquiring Harden, but have since gone 26-7 in games he’s played while finishing 1-2 in games he’s missed.
This season, there are seven players (who’ve played at least 500 minutes) in the Jimmy Butler Club: There are also two players with more blocks than personal fouls: Rudy Gobert (138, 112) and Jarrett Allen (74, 70).
1 in the Eastern Conference at 36-16.
Snell’s status will be updated following the team’s return to Atlanta.
“We couldn’t get out to the 3-point line.
He thanked Tennessee coach Rick Barnes, the rest of the Vols’ staff and fans.
“I would not be here without Coach Dean Smith, Coach Bill Guthridge and Coach Roy Williams; they taught me so much – and I’m eager to walk their path in my shoes and with my personality.” Davis had been on Williams’ staff since 2012 as a bench coach, recruiter and scout, including a run to the 2016 NCAA title game and then the championship a year later.
Hollis-Jefferson was on the Minnesota Timberwolves’ training camp roster but was waived in December.
Durant is nearing a return from a left hamstring strain that has sidelined him since mid-February.
“This season, I guarded a lot of fours and fives,” Payton II said.
Jeff Teague scored 19 and Bryn Forbes added 18 for the Bucks, who had seven players in double figures.
It’s looking like it will take something dramatic for a new face to crack the Top 2 here, though Edwards and Haliburton could flip-flop repeatedly down the stretch.
Not to mention the Spurs are giving up the third-most FanDuel points per game to opposing point guards throughout the season.
With Rondo handling the ball, the Clippers can actually run a diagrammed play in those situations.
“We want Scotty to make the best decision for him and his family and we will help any way we can while he explores his options.”
Assuming that Hayward recovers in time and Terry Rozier continues to play solid ball, the fate of the Hornets could fall to youngsters like Devonte’ Graham and Malik Monk.
It was the kind of response a coach wants to see from a contender, to thrive in a moment of basketball adversity and demonstrate to their competition that they offer more than Embiid (who averaged 29.9 ppg, 11.5 rpg and 1.4 bpg in the 31 games before his injury).
“And with that being said, I am happy to announce that I have made the decision to take the next step in my career by signing with (an) agent and declaring for the NBA draft!” An outspoken advocate for equality and ending racial injustice, Lewis also thanked his coaches, his parents and his teammates.
He averages 37.3 FDPPG (5.6x value), and the T’Wolves give up the fourth-most FDPPG to point guards.
He averaged 8.2 points and 3.4 rebounds and was best known for his defense.
“That’s not really what I want people to see and hear from me, but hopefully I can move past it and get back out on the floor.” The NBA hasn’t weighed in yet on Durant’s comments and whether he would be fined.
ET, NBA League Pass The Jazz enter Week 16 riding a nine-game win streak.
The 26-year-old has reached a new level of offensive efficiency in his fourth season with the Chicago Bulls, averaging 27.1 points on 50.7% shooting and 41.5% from deep.
Colangelo has since overseen the process of selecting players and coaches, bringing in Duke’s Mike Krzyzewski — who led the U.S. to Olympic golds in 2008, 2012 and 2016 — and now San Antonio’s Gregg Popovich to serve as head coaches.
The Hawks have been hit hard by injuries this season as they vie for their first playoff appearance since 2017.
“From what I’ve seen over the years, any time he’s come back, he’s been able to get back into it pretty quickly,” Carlisle said.
(We dug deep into zone defense and offense a year ago, with some coaches saying they want their team to run the play anyway.)
Embiid claims he’s still trying to win the Kia Defensive Player of the Year , and that makes the man a terror on both ends of the floor.
Results of those tests were not available until after the game in New York.
Wiseman scores two/thirds (7.6 ppg) of his points in the paint , but will be facing a Bucks team that allows the third-fewest points in the paint at 42.9 per game.
Grant Hill helped the U.S. win Olympic gold in 1996.
It’s a way of life and it’s playing for something bigger than yourself.
His 6.0 ball-handler possessions per game are down from 8.4 last season and rank just 37th in the league , right behind Elfrid Payton (0.86 points per possession).
Lewis announced on Instagram that he will hire an agent and made it clear he has no plans on returning to school.
A narrow OT loss to the Bucks: If there are silver linings in losses, the Sixers found one when they met the Bucks just two games after losing Embiid.
We haven’t even yet explored the dynamic of Brooklyn trying to incorporate new additions Griffin and LaMarcus Aldridge.
The latter group is where the Knicks and Celtics currently live.
The Nets also finished March 11-2, tying the franchise record for best record in a month set in February of 2004 (minimum 10 games played).
He averaged 6.9 points, 1.7 rebounds and 2.1 assists with the Celtics and started five games.
Maybe not, but it’s helping — at least a little.
9) there is an opportunity to climb the standings and lock up a playoff spot.
Still, Antetokounmpo posted a double-double (25 points, 10 rebounds) to help Milwaukee snap a three-game skid.
The Sixers have Simmons, Embiid (when healthy) and Matisse Thybulle.
He’ll replace the retiring Jerry Colangelo, in a move where one Basketball Hall of Famer takes over for another in the critical role of assembling teams that will compete for gold.
His most productive season was 2018-19 in Chicago when he played in 73 games and averaged 6.3 points.
Harden’s stellar play has been key in Brooklyn climbing atop the Eastern Conference standings for the first time since April of 2003.
Juzang missed the first four games of the 2020-21 season with a foot injury, but he is a big reason the Bruins were able to overcome senior Chris Smith’s season-ending knee injury in early January.
Wiseman’s knee gave out and he crumpled to the crowd.
Sure, he’ll play the Celtics in what should be a low-scoring game.
The Blazers enter tonight’s showdown against Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Milwaukee Bucks ( 10 ET, NBA TV ) riding a four-game win streak with Lillard averaging 25.7 ppg in the three outings he played during the streak.
Jeremy Lin was a standout at Harvard before his Linsanity days in the NBA and lengthy professional career.
If the playoffs began today , the third-ranked Clippers and sixth-ranked Blazers would meet in the first round.
With so many teams in this race, head-to-head games like Wednesday’s game between the Celtics and Knicks take on the added importance of potential tiebreakers; New York leads the season series 1-0 with two more games yet to be played, including the final game of the regular season.
This partnership builds on CLEAR’s history of innovation as it continues to help shape the future of sports and enhance the fan experience.
The winner of that game is officially the seventh place finisher.
After hosting the Suns, the Clippers still have two more games on their nine-game homestand, facing the Rockets on Friday and the Pistons on Sunday.
This is the third straight season in which there’s been an increase in zone defense league-wide.
“It’s repetition, but it’s also a lot of confidence,” Doncic said Wednesday after racking up 36 points in Dallas’ win against the Boston Celtics.
He’s an elite defender and an impactful offensive player with the ability to score, shoot and facilitate.” Holiday had a $26.7 million player option remaining for the 2021-21 season as part of the five-year, $126 million contract he signed with the New Orleans Pelicans in July 2017.
Per team policy, financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
The 7-footer who logged just three appearances in his brief stint of college ball at Memphis was precocious to start this season, averaging 12.2 points and 6.1 rebounds through January.
No other team has won more than eight in a row (Atlanta, Brooklyn, Milwaukee).
Phoenix is one of the toughest matchups in the league, but Svi should still see the floor for 30-plus minutes.
The two-time Kia MVP is experiencing left knee soreness.
There’s a scene in the trailer that includes an NBA reference to the iconic photo of LeBron and Dwyane Wade connecting on an alley-oop.
Johnson averaged 12.1 points a game in Southeastern Conference play, including a career-best 27 in a win at Kentucky in February.
He ranked 16th nationally in scoring per game.
It got close enough to the deadline last week that Redick turned off his phone thinking he was staying put, only to find out later he had been dealt.
“I was playing solid before I got injured and feel like we were just starting to figure each other out, James, Kyrie and myself, and different lineups out there on the floor,” Durant said.
We have to just come together collectively and figure out ways to win.” Added Irving: “It’s tough to move onto the next thing after one of our guys goes down with an injury, an apparent injury where they have to go to the back.” Yet that’s what Irving and the Nets continue to do.
He is 35 and showed his age with the Hawks this season, but the Clippers are banking on “Playoff Rondo” showing up when they’ll need him most.
Curry leads the NBA in 3-pointers made per game (4.7) and scores 47.3% of his points from beyond the arc, compared to 34.5% on 2-point shots and 18.2% at the free throw line.
Aleksej Pokusevski (OKC) $5,500 With Isaiah Roby, Luguentz Dort, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Darius Bazley all still out for the Thunder, the team’s reserves will have to keep stepping up.
Portland’s Robert Covington ranks sixth on the list (12.3), while Milwaukee’s Giannis Antetokounmpo is tied for 12th (10.2).
“I wanted him to get rid of that mindset.
Expecting him to earn the start again means he should garner 30-plus minutes.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Vanderbilt guard Scotty Pippen Jr. has declared for the NBA draft without signing with an agent to keep his options open.
The Warriors rank 10th in fast break points (13.7 ppg), while the Wizards rank 24th (10.6 ppg).
Dallas also just so happens to allow the fifth-most FanDuel points per game to opposing small forwards this season.
ET, NBA TV • Damian Lillard leads the NBA with 26 30-point game s so far this season; Giannis Antetokounmpo is tied with Stephen Curry for fourth place with 19 30-point games.
Nets coach Steve Nash expressed optimism that Harden’s injury won’t keep him out for a significant amount of time.
“In my mind I’m just like, ‘I can play,’ but then it’s also like you’ve got to be smart and cautious with this type of injury.
The Knicks have a scary stretch run on the schedule — from May 5-16, they play the Nuggets, Suns, both LA teams, the Spurs, Hornets and Celtics.
Utah shoots 39.5% from 3-point range (2nd in the NBA) and averages a league-high 17 3-pointers made per game.
Dellavedova, who along with Kevin Love is the only player remaining on the roster from Cleveland’s 2016 NBA title team, hasn’t played in a game since suffering a head injury in the club’s exhibition opener in December.
“Grant is a proven leader of consequence and character who will continue to help us achieve on our twin goals of winning international competitions and representing our country with honor,” USA Basketball Board of Directors chair and retired Gen. Martin Dempsey said.
Dellavedova made his season debut after being out with a concussion and appendectomy.
Minnesota Timberwolves guard D’Angelo Russell will return to the floor against the Sacramento Kings on Monday, the team confirmed.
The Bucks entered Saturday’s matchup third in the Eastern Conference standings, 2.5 games back of first-place Brooklyn.
Both are playing for contracts, and in the case of Graham, his play has gone up a tick since winter and he’s easing the sting of losing Ball.
He’s tied at No.
Harrison Barnes has elevated his game, and when you combine him with De’Aaron Fox and Buddy Hield, it’s not as if the Kings are lacking in scorers.
Damian Lillard has averaged a team-best 10 assists while appearing in three games, while newcomer Norman Powell as added 16.3 ppg in his first three games since being acquired at the trade deadline.
Zach LaVine (CHI): $7,200 at IND He hasn’t delivered any monster performances as of late, but this pricing is criminal for LaVine, who’s still averaged 24/4/4 across his last two contests.
Arizona State’s Remy Martin had a stellar four-year career in the desert and Jordan Clarkson, who is also Filipino American, has a steady NBA career going after playing at Tulsa and Missouri.
The Nets have outscored the Knicks by a team-best 19 points in Green’s 67 minutes on court.
Joel Embiid, Philadelphia 76ers 8.
Harrison played sparingly for Utah this season, averaging 3.3 minutes over 17 appearances.
Where the Lakers have missed their stars the most is on offense as they have an offensive efficacy rating of 101.3 (29th in the league) over their past seven games.
This call does come with some risk, but he presents a solid floor with room for upside.
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Duke freshman guard DJ Steward is entering the NBA draft.
And I will be better.” The Kia Race to the MVP Ladder remains wide open, in part due to injuries to stars LeBron James and Joel Embiid.
“I love this university,” Davis said in a statement.
Not only are they 27th ranked in defensive efficiency, but they also rank 23rd in FD points allowed to shooting guards.
No other team ranks in the top 12 in all four categories.
Irving may have to go alone tonight as Durant remains out and Harden missed Sunday’s game due to hamstring tightness.
And he’s done it on an ankle that’s been bothering him for weeks.
In 471 career games (260 starts) for Houston, Sacramento and Memphis, he has averaged 8.9 points (.417 FG%), 2.4 rebounds and 1.0 assist in 23.1 minutes per game.
It marks the most points by a Bulls player in the first half since Michael Jordan in 1997.
Haliburton can score 20 points while facilitating the ball to earn plenty of assists.
And the Pelicans’ quest to get Williamson to the rim as much as possible will continue.
In San Antonio last week, the Hornets drew up a play to get Rozier one of his clutch 3s.
While both elite scorers, they get their points in different ways.
“The last month or so, it’s just been me working out every day, playing here and there with my teammates,” Durant said.
Toronto turned it over on a Pascal Siakam charging call, the Wizards’ Raul Neto missed a layup and Trent grabbed the rebound with 4.4 seconds on the clock and room to run.
So, it’s no surprise Jokic and Harden earned Kia NBA Player of the Month in their respective conferences for the month of March.
“I think we’ve all won enough individually,” Irving said last week.
The Bulls have allowed a league-high 61.75 FD points per game to centers in their past 30 games.
The Nets lead the league with 22 clutch wins , with James Harden ranked fourth in clutch scoring (98 points).
Meanwhile, the Bucks — who finished with the NBA’s best record the last two seasons — were aggressively seeking to reclaim a familiar spot.
“We are grateful to CLEAR for their partnership and commitment to creating safe environments and experiences for our fans.” A third of all NBA teams have already started using CLEAR’s Health Pass technology for their employee or fan safety protocols in-arena, which can include a combination of health surveys and secure linking to COVID-19 lab results and vaccination records.
While Larry Nance Jr. remains sidelined with an illness, Taurean Prince has seen increased run in recent games.
ET, ESPN • The Lakers won the first meeting of the season with the Bucks, 113-106 on Jan. 21 , behind 34 points from LeBron James and 18 points from Anthony Davis — both of whom will not play on Wednesday due to injury.
In order to be taken seriously, the Raptors will need to go all 2019 on everyone and rip off an eight-game winning streak.
Phoenix holds teams to 34.8% shooting from beyond the arc (fourth-lowest percentage allowed) and just 32.6 3-point attempts per game (ninth-fewest in the league).
“As states reopen sports venues to fans in the U.S., we are thrilled to team up with the NBA to help create safer fan experiences and reimagine the future of sports.” “CLEAR’s Health Pass is an innovative technology that can further enhance the league’s health and safety protocols at arenas and the wellbeing of those who attend NBA games,” said Dan Rossomondo, NBA Senior Vice President, Media & Business Development.
With the release date nearly two months away, the official trailer for “Space Jam: A New Legacy″ is now available.
Tim Hardaway Jr. can be that player on some nights, but he’s streaky.
Despite Murray sitting out the last two games due to right knee soreness, Jokic continues to carry the Nuggets.
San Antonio Spurs: They missed the playoffs last season for the first time in 23 seasons.
Their ability to “scram” him off those matchups and his quickness in finding the abandoned opponent will be something to keep an eye on.
2) 26 points (11-23 FG, 3-8 3P), 8 rebounds, 7 assists, 1 steal > Video Box Score Mavericks 109, Wizards 87  (Apr.
Davis Bertans (WAS) $3,900 at GSW: There is going to be a bevy of shots being thrown up in the clash between the Warriors and the Wizards.
Everyone expects the Celtics to eventually figure it out.
That’s when the Clippers will bring someone old and someone new, with the goal of assuring this postseason run doesn’t turn blue again.
“But it’s different when he’s on the sidelines.
As much as Myles Turner has regressed offensively, he’s making a legit run for the All-Defensive team, or maybe Kia Defensive Player of the Year , with his rim-protection.
NEW YORK — The NBA Foundation today announced a total of more than $3 million in grants that will create employment opportunities, further career advancement and drive greater economic empowerment in Black communities.
Irving led the league in scoring (30.2 points per game) in March and, coincidentally, Harden racked up his highest assist average (11.5 apg) of the season over that span.
Davis also served as the primary defender on Giannis Antetokounmpo for a team-high 4:37 (43.7% of Giannis’ offensive matchup time) and held Giannis to nine points (36% of his 25 total points).
Ish Smith (WAS) $3,500 Smith is back!
It is a pace-up game for the Cavaliers on Thursday, and Prince should continue to see a decent amount of playing time with Nance being ruled out already.
Kenrich Williams (OKC) $6,100: We just made fun of this OKC roster, but it has allowed Williams to have a huge role.
“But it’s still the same mentality.
It became legit to wonder after Payton II, 28, was named last month as the 2020-21 G League Defensive Player of the Year for his work with the Raptors 905 squad in the Orlando bubble.
Minnesota Timberwolves forward Anthony Edwards and Charlotte Hornets guard LaMelo Ball have been named the Kia NBA Rookies of the Month for games played in March.
However, it just isn’t reflected in the standings.
Davis has not played since Feb. 14 because of an Achilles injury, while James (ankle) has been out since March 21.
The Lakers signed Drummond last weekend after 8 1/2 NBA seasons in Detroit and Cleveland.
But he had other gems in that stretch, including 28 against the Kings and 21 against the Knicks, and March was one of his best months of 2020-21.
Welts’ notable accomplishments with the league included the creation of NBA All-Star Weekend in 1984 and the marketing program for USA Basketball’s Olympic “Dream Team” in 1992.
Jokic retains the top spot in this week’s Kia Race to the MVP Ladder, while Dallas Mavericks star guard Luka Doncic finally cracks the top five after averaging 29.4 points per game throughout March and hitting 43.3% from 3-point range in nearly 35 minutes per game.
He notably saw his playing time increase from the 19 minutes he got in his return the game prior, and he should continue to see his minutes trend up as the season goes along.
The news was announced Friday in a family statement.
Holiday believes that commitment should enable the Bucks to contend for years to come as they chase their first NBA title since 1971.
In a video released by the team before Wednesday’s game, Durant talked about his work to rehabilitate form his injury and being ready to play.
We can’t wait for him to get back, literally.
Health Pass builds upon CLEAR’s history of creating frictionless experiences in sports, including innovative pilots for touchless ticketing, biometric payments and age validation.
He’s had his shot blocked 94 times, 31 more than any other player in the league.
The All-Star big man candidate notched 24 points, eight rebounds, and three blocks in his first action since March 12, when he suffered a bone bruise in his left knee.
Thomas suited up for a pair of FIBA AmeriCup qualifying games for USA Basketball in February, recording a team-high 14.0 points and 2.5 assists per game, while shooting 43.5% from the field and 50% from long range.
Irving and James Harden were two of only eight players (and the only teammates) to average 25-5-5 during that time.
“Trust and transparency are CLEAR’s number one priority, and with Health Pass, our goal is to get people back to what they love while ensuring they are always in control of their health information,” said CLEAR CEO Caryn Seidman-Becker.
DiVincenzo has surpassed 29+ minutes in each of his last five games and he’s hit 5x value at his current price the past three games in which Antetokounmpo has been sidelined.
And the 1.08 points per possession he’s allowed on those ranks 26th among 31 players who’ve defended at least 50.
The 6-foot-3 guard has scored at least 22 points in each of his last four games.
While I will say Minnesota is a bit better than the Rockets, this is still a nice spot for the Memphis guard that should provide a lot of opportunities.
Since Anthony Davis and LeBron James went down, Schroder has at least 34 FD points in seven of his last nine games while averaging over 36 fantasy points per game in that span.
He was sidelined for 23 games before returning to the court March 22 against the Los Angeles Clippers.
VanVleet, who has missed the past two games with an injury, will serve his suspension in the next regular season game for which he is eligible and physically able to play.
Joe Ingles didn’t want to shoot the seemingly open corner 3-pointer off the low catch, but Bogdanovic hit another tough shot over Booker.
In 25 games played, Drummond has averaged 13.5 rebounds , which would rank second in the league had Drummond met the minimum games require to qualify.
Nickeil Alexander-Walker (NOP) $5,800 vs. ORL Along with the injury to Zion that could cause him to miss Thursday’s game, the Pelicans have also been without Ball in recent games.
His hiring also marks a groundbreaking moment as the first Black coach in the history of the program.
Believe it or not, that’s when Payton II said he believes his embrace of defense began.
Bucks coach Mike Budenholzer said, “my gut is it’s not something that we’re overly concerned about.” So, we’ll see.
You can answer for yourself, based on his two-way play, counting stats and 52.3 FG%.
James Wiseman, Golden State Warriors Season stats : 11.4 ppg, 5.8 rpg, 0.6 apg Since last Ladder: 8.3 ppg, 4.8 rpg, 0.8 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : 7 Roller-coaster continues, from big dip week to fresh ascendancy?
Introspection kicked in for James Harden in the aftermath of dropping a 38-point triple-double Monday to lead the Brooklyn Nets past the Minnesota Timberwolves .
“Well, shoot, I’d rather not think about it,” Irving said.
Harden averaged 27.9 points, 9.8 rebounds and 11.5 assists as Brooklyn went 11-1 in the month of March.
We know we have enough.
In partnership with teachers and schools, City Year AmeriCorps members cultivate learning environments where all students can build on their strengths and thrive while acquiring valuable skills and experiences that prepare them for career success.
Coincidentally, the other two — Nikola Jokic and Kyrie Irving — can also be found among the top 10 in this week’s Kia Race to the MVP Ladder.
It’s worth noting that Portland is now 1-8 against teams currently sitting in the top five of the Western Conference.
But some on-ball defenders work harder than others to get over the screen.
One quick left-to-right crossover opened a lane to the top of the opposite end of the logo, and a hard right-to-left behind-the-back dribble (perhaps aided by a little nudge) cleared the room for a pullup 3-pointer as time expired.
And over the last 23 games, it’s over 11% (and almost even with that of Brandon Ingram).
For Beal, he scores the majority of his points (55.9%) on 2-point shots, including 18.5% coming from mid-range (15th in NBA), only 21.5% on 3-pointers, and 22.6% at the free throw line (20th in NBA).
During their current streak (which dates back to March 19), Donovan Mitchell has averaged 28.1 points on 53.1%-51.6%-95.3% shooting splits, while Rudy Gobert has averaged 15.7 ppg on 68.9% shooting, 12.0 rpg and 3.3 bpg.
He started for the Lakers in his first NBA game in 6 1/2 weeks, but he wasn’t on the floor to start the second half while getting treatment on his toe.
The Sixers went 7-3 without Embiid and showed the flex of a team that still must be taken seriously.
The 6-foot-10 center is one of 11 players in NBA history to average at least 20.0 points, 10.0 rebounds and 3.0 assists.
Chest bumps and pounds all around from there.
Wiseman has averaged 11.6 points and 5.9 rebounds in 21.8 minutes across 38 games.
I just picked it up at a young age because I was around it.
The biggest difference for the Celtics at home comes on the defensive end as they allow 109.8 points per 100 possession at home ( 12th ) compared to 113.6 on the road ( 22nd ).
Meanwhile, Rondo spurned the Clippers last fall during free agency, only to join them in a mutually beneficial marriage last week via a trade with the Atlanta Hawks .
He had 69 steals and 58 blocks.
Donovan Mitchell beat Chris Paul off the dribble.
The most consistent fixture of Brooklyn’s Big Three, Irving — despite two earlier leaves of absence due to personal reasons — appears to have set his sights on the larger picture.
He’s scored at least 31 FanDuel points in nine of his last 11 games while generating a 37-point average in that stretch.
Kihei Clark, who’s Filipino American, made one of the biggest plays during Virginia’s run to the 2019 championship and just completed his junior season.
Lakers coach Frank Vogel said on Thursday that Drummond — whom the Lakers added as a free agent on March 28 — will return to the lineup.
So I think that’s perfectly natural at this point.” The Top 5 this week on the 2020-21 Kia Rookie Ladder: (All stats through Monday, April 5) Season stats : 17.6 ppg, 4.4 rpg, 2.6 apg Since last Ladder: 23.0 ppg, 4.8 rpg, 3.0 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : 2 His efficiency comes and goes, but Edwards is in there swinging.
Collins sprained his left ankle during Tuesday’s loss against the Phoenix Suns and underwent an MRI on Wednesday.
1 overall.
In the 40 games pre All-Star , Doncic was scoring 42.1% of his points in the paint and 27.8% of his points from 3-point range.
“I felt like we were starting to gain our rhythm and even though I was out a week before that with (health and safety) protocols, I felt like our team was gaining more chemistry then and that’s more so what I care about.
I can’t be complacent,” he said.
Malachi Flynn (TOR) $6,000: Toronto has had some injury issues of its own, playing without Kyle Lowry and Fred VanVleet.
Chris Boucher (C – TOR) $4,700  Despite his inconsistent minutes, Boucher is quite efficient on the floor, tallying 1.27 FPPM in his last five games and 1.21 FPPM this season.
Mykhailiuk posted 34.8 FD points and 22 real-life points in his last on-court appearance.
Miss it again, and it’s suddenly a different kind of streak.
Cooper announced his decision to enter the draft and hire an agent Friday after putting up big numbers as a freshman despite playing in only 12 games.
The Lakers are 32-19 and fifth in the Western Conference and have been trying to stay afloat in the standings while superstars Anthony Davis and LeBron James recover from injury.
“It’s just an incredible opportunity, also an incredible challenge,” Hill said Saturday.
The Thunder give up the second-most FDPPG to power forwards, and Washington’s salary reflects an overreaction to his road-trip slump.
For starters, Kristaps Porzingis is searching for consistency and it would help if he shows better results near the rim at both ends of the floor.
The Celtics are only 3-7 this season when the two All-Stars score 25 or more points in the same game.
Richardson hit 5x value against this price in his last appearance, and this is the perfect opponent for him to start building some momentum.
Lakers (31-18) at Clippers (32-18)  3:30 p.m.
Teams and players across the NBA, including the New York Knicks and LeBron James, offered their appreciation of the late rapper and actor.
Hate crimes against Asian Americans have spiked during the pandemic, as has the vitriol on social media and beyond toward people of Asian decent.
Who wants ’em?
CodeCrew CodeCrew is a Memphis-based organization that educates and mentors Black students and professionals, who are underrepresented in tech, to become tech innovators and leaders through practical hands-on computer science training.
The 30-year-old Holiday is averaging 17 points, 5.4 assists, 4.6 rebounds and 1.8 steals this year in his first season with the Bucks.
Yet in this case, it doesn’t matter, especially this year with the Sixers flush with shooters.
Booker had seven points on 1-2 3FG, 4-5 FT in 3:01 against Paul George.
You can e-mail him here , find his archive here and follow him on Twitter .
Yes, that 10-game stretch told us plenty about the Sixers, about Tobias Harris, about Ben Simmons and coach Doc Rivers.
7 Season stats: 29.9 ppg, 11.2 rpg, 3.2 apg, 1.4 bpg, 1.1 spg There’s no doubt Philadelphia welcomed back Embiid with open arms, but as colleague Shaun Powell pointed out here : The Sixers had already proven adept at winning games without the star big man.
He ranks third on the team in scoring (16.0 points per game), providing another offensive weapon to go with Trae Young and John Collins.
Without their Kia MVP candidate, the Sixers offensive rating drops from 118.2 to 105.9 and their effective field goal percentage drops from 57.8% to 51.3%.
The 31-year-old forward is averaging 19.6 points, 5.9 rebounds and 4.1 assists per game in his first season with the Hornets on a $128 million, four-year deal.
But he worked hard in the team’s player-development program, which actually ran dry after Landry Shamet and Shai Gilgeous-Alexander were traded.
Mason Plumlee (DET) $6,100 Staying in Detroit for this one, Plumlee is coming off a near triple-double performance in Thursday’s win over the Wizards, where he finished with 41.7 FanDuel points.
Forward Colin Castleton, the team’s second-leading scorer, entered his name in the NBA draft to get feedback on his skills.
It’s good.
He had a rough outing in Friday’s loss to the Lakers, so he’ll be looking to rebound in a big way on Saturday.
Lillard has shot 16 of 50 from the field his last three games and finished with his second-lowest scoring total of the season (11 points) Tuesday in a loss to the Clippers .
Collins, Cam Reddish and Kris Dunn are currently sidelined along with Hunter.
Once again, Harden has good points-per-possession numbers when defending post-ups.
Jeremy Lamb (IND) $4,200 at ORL: On the other side of the court, as mentioned before, the Pacers are dealing with an assortment of injuries.
• The Lakers have only eight five-man lineups that have shared the court for at least 20 minutes that do not include either LeBron James or Anthony Davis.
For Randle, his 23.1 ppg, 10.8 rpg and 5.8 apg are all career highs in his seventh NBA season.
Devin Booker’s offensive production coincides with the the turnaround.
Welts began his NBA career as a ballboy with the SuperSonics in 1969 at the age of 16 and, a decade later, was a part of the franchise’s lone NBA championship in 1979 as its public relations director.
Beal edged out Devin Booker (33) in the individual scoring battle and the Wizards were able to get the win even with Russell Westbrook out of the lineup.
During this three-game skid, the Bucks have averaged just 105 ppg , which would rank 27th in the league.
Keep an eye out for lineups as well.
And now, a playoff spot can’t be taken for granted for a team that hasn’t had one in five seasons.
He made just four of 15 shots, scoring 14 points, in UConn’s loss to Creighton in the Big East Tournament, then went 6 for 16 with 15 points in the Huskies’ loss to Maryland in the opening round of the NCAA Tournament.
NEW YORK – Of the 481 players tested for COVID-19 since March 24, one new player has returned a confirmed positive test.
Robin Lopez (WAS) $4,500 While Alex Len has been getting the starting nod, Lopez has been the better fantasy player over the last week.
And he was among the college kids who famously beat the first “Dream Team” in a scrimmage before the 1992 Olympics.
In a combined 4:08 against either Kawhi Leonard or Patrick Beverley, Booker was held scoreless and did not attempt a shot or free throw.
There were two back-to-back examples of this in the Nets’ blowout win over New Orleans on Wednesday.
Sitting at $5,200 on FanDuel, Gallinari seems like a pretty safe bet to hit 5x value versus the San Antonio Spurs, with Collins set to miss at least Thursday’s contest.
He’s taken 82% of his shots in the restricted area, the third highest rate among 251 players with at least 200 field goal attempts and down just a tick from last season (85%).
Clark played in two games with Denver since the March 25 deal with the Magic.
2, while Embiid and James finally fall out of the top five.
“Playing in the NBA has always been my main priority in life.
Payton the elder is the only point guard to win the NBA’s Defensive Player of the Year award in its 39-year history.
The Hornets lead the NBA in field goal percentage (52.0%) and 3-point percentage (48.5%), and have outscored their opponents by 81 points in 67 clutch minutes.
The test turned out to be a false positive.
7 p.m.
However, McLemore’s minutes in tonight’s game will depend on the availability of the Lakers’ other wing players.
In 45 games this season, Antetokounmpo has averaged 28.8 points, 11.4 rebounds and 6.2 assists.
A native of Seattle, Washington, Welts was selected to deliver the commencement address to his alma mater, the University of Washington, in 2019.
Snell left Friday night’s 120-108 win over Chicago in the third quarter with the injury and did not return.
6.
If he does and maintains this level of efficiency, he would become only the third player to ever shoot at least 62% from the field while making 500 field goals in a season, joining Hall of Famers Artis Gilmore (four times) and Wilt Chamberlain (one time).
The 36-year-old has played in 110 postseason games.
), importance (playoff game or garden-variety night in November?)
“Guys that — you say guys, but KD specifically — him missing significant time, we miss him.
Harrell, who received a technical foul and was ejected, has been fined $20,000 for aggressively entering the altercation and shoving Raptors guard Gary Trent Jr.
He played just 12.8 minutes per game through that stretch.
Durant had not played since Feb. 13 because of a strained left hamstring.
Here’s Nikola Vucevic dropping back as Kyrie Irving steps into a comfortable foul-line jumper … After the Bulls, the teams with the highest percentages (teams whose bigs hang back in the paint) are Utah, Oklahoma City, the Clippers and Milwaukee.
The teams with the ninth- and 10th-best records will also meet.
All of it has to do with expectations.
As a team, the Lakers rank second (41.6 ppg) in bench scoring, while the Heat rank 22nd (34.1 ppg).
Among the 56 players that defend at least four shots at the rim per game, Noel allows the fifth-lowest percentage (51.0% on 6.0 FGA).
4.
And of course, that John Collins is playing for money.
Bradley Beal has not played since March 27 with a right hip contusion and the Wizards have gone just 1-3 in his absence.
Irving was a little slow to rotate to Johnson, but the Pels’ forward had no interest in shooting an open 3-pointer and, when he drove, Irving poked the ball away … On the next possession, Lonzo Ball set a ball-screen for Zion Williamson.
Bembry will serve his suspension tonight when the Raptors play host to the Chicago Bulls at Amalie Arena.
“I had the good fortune of participating in international play — the Pan American Games, of course the Olympic team — and I have been a fan of Team USA going back to the 1984 Olympic team when I first started to fall in love with basketball.
The big man has been highly productive for Portland this season with Nurkic on the shelf for most of the campaign.
• The Bucks (6.0) and Lakers (4.7) rank fourth and seventh, respectively, in average point differentia l so far this season.
Even better, he finished March shooting 3-pointers with 10% better accuracy (39.4%) than the previous two months.
Dellavedova had suffered previous concussions, so his recovery took longer as he had to pass league protocols.
“I know how well we play together as a team as a whole,” Harris said.
3) 26 points (12-24 FG), 8 rebounds, 6 assists, 1 steal, 1 block > Video Box Score Clippers 129, Bucks 105  (Mar.
A former five-star recruit, the 6-foot-6 guard was a role player on a loaded Kentucky team, averaging 2.9 points and 1.9 assists in 28 games as a freshman.
While he does have a high ceiling, he has also been known to post some dud games.
Carlisle’s next game will be his 1,500th in the regular season as a head coach.
• Devin Booker led the Suns with 25 points in the loss to LA on Jan. 3.
It is the longest active streak of 30-point games in the league and tied for the second-longest of the season, trailing only six straight from Beal from Jan. 6-27.
[ NBA.com/Stats | Players Defense Dash Overall ] And in coach Mike Budenholzer’s schemes the past three games, last year’s DPOY and his mates have outscored teams by 10.1 points, limiting them to 42.1% shooting.
It was a feast-or-famine defense in that way.
Zion Williamson has averaged 30.7 ppg on 62.6% shooting while appearing in seven of New Orleans’ nine games on zero days rest.
That’s what I flourish in.
It has worked before, with longtime assistant Bill Guthridge taking over after Smith’s 1997 retirement and leading the Tar Heels to two Final Fours, as well as Williams’ return from Kansas in 2003.
War Eagle.” The Powder Springs, Ga. native scored or assisted on 47.3% of Auburn’s points while he was in the lineup.
• The Nets rank second in the league in 3-point shooting (39.3%) as a team.
After the game, Nash said he was confident Harden didn’t suffer a long-term injury.
Juzang was the Bruins’ leading scorer at 15.5 points per game while shooting 34% from the 3-point arc and seemed to get better as the season progressed.
We’re literally dedicated to performing the craft of basketball at a very high level for one another because we want to see each other win.” Irving embodied that last statement throughout March by tweaking his game, after virtually handing James Harden the keys to Brooklyn’s offense to help the piecemeal Nets (without Kevin Durant in the lineup) roll to an 11-2 mark last month.
That included games of 30 points against the New York Knicks (including a clutch jumper) and 29 each against the Clippers and Sacramento Kings .
“I intend to spend an incredible amount of time with Jerry, shadow him some this summer, and I think that experience will certainly help as we move forward,” Hill said.
When Durant and Harden are off the court, Irving averages 38.3 points per 100 possessions , which is more than six points higher than when all three are on the court together (32.2 points per 100).
Ball, who was selected 3rd overall, played 8 games in March before he was sidelined indefinitely with a fractured right wrist .
Luka Doncic, Dallas Mavericks T-6.
Forced to switch For the most part, the Suns do not want Ayton switching screens and being put on an island against an opposing guard.
In December 2020, the NBA Foundation announced exalt , Management Leadership for Tomorrow , Marcus Graham Project , Operation DREAM , TEAM Inc. , The Knowledge House and the Youth Empowerment Project as inaugural grant recipients.
Playing his fourth game since being acquired from Houston at the trade deadline, Oladipo jumped off of two feet for a dunk, then grabbed his right knee as he landed on the floor.
The Lakers’ defense will be put to the test as the Clippers offense ranks second in the lag (118.6) since March 21.
There are two reasons for the historically low mark.
The Florida State product has reached 5x value at his current price tag in three out of the past five games.
After averaging 12.5 and 11.1 minutes per game in December and January, respectively, Mann’s playing time soared to 24.4 mpg in March.
There is much more work to do in order to become a starting point guard.
Since Harden debuted with the Nets on Jan. 16, the team owns a record of 26-7 in games he’s played.
• The Wizards (104.46) and Warriors (103.02) rank first and second in the league in pace this season.
“At that point, I’m like, ‘Man, he really wanted me to be here.’ “I’m really not the type to be wooed and all that.
31) 36 points (11-15 FG, 7-11 3P), 8 rebounds, 5 assists > Video Box Score Mavericks 99, Knicks 86  (Apr.
pic.twitter.com/0ecayuKa8C — Milwaukee Bucks (@Bucks) April 5, 2021 He’s been an equally big contributor off the court.
6 Season stats: 25.9 ppg, 8.2 rpg, 11.1 apg Harden missed just his third game since joining the Nets on Thursday — due to tightness in his right hamstring — after initially suffering the injury the night before in Brooklyn’s comeback win against the Houston Rockets.
Jordan Nwora, a rookie second-round pick from Louisville, scored a career-high 24 points to lead the Bucks.
He ranks second in the league in steals per game.
Milwaukee was shorthanded in a loss to the Knicks as Giannis and three other starters sat as the Bucks matched their season low with 96 points .
Zach LaVine’s breakout season continued on Friday with a historic 39-point first half, ultimately finishing with 50 in Chicago’s 120-108 loss to Atlanta.
He loves the game of basketball, he throws his heart into it completely.
“I’m going to take it game by game and come back better than ever.” X-rays were negative on Los Angeles’ new center, but the bruise adds another injury problem to the Lakers’ list ahead of a tough schedule in April.
Meanwhile, Kevin Durant is expected to return on Wednesday against the New Orleans Pelicans.
The Thunder are currently without Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Al Horford, Darius Bazley and Isaiah Roby, leaving Kenrich to feast.
Star point guard and leading scorer Tre Mann started the exodus last week by entering the NBA draft with plans of hiring an agent.
It helps, too, that Trae Young seemingly is playing more under control under interim coach Nate McMillan.
He signed a deal with the Phoenix Suns in September 2016.
In four games, Lillard has averaged 20 points on 36.0% (27-75) shooting from the field and 18.9% (7-37) from three as the Blazers have lost all four games.
• Since the Lakers and Clippers began playing at Staples Center in 1999, the Lakers lead the head-to-head series 46-39.
Malachi Flynn (TOR): $5,100 vs. LAL Fresh off a hot performance Monday night, Flynn is back in action against the Lakers on the second of a back-to-back set.
He continues to lead the rookies in scoring ( 17.6 ) and in shots per game ( 16.5 ).
These days, a lot of teams have the same basic principles defensively, hoping to force mid-range shots by having the ball-handler’s defender go over the screen and the screener’s defender drop back into the paint.
There have been multiple occasions this season where he’s been burned badly trying to defend guards or wings one-on-one late in games, and there was another in overtime on Wednesday.
“It’s really tough, especially when we’re trying to get healthy, especially what happened in the last game (against Chicago) with TJ and Landry,” said Nets forward Jeff Green.
In the three games he went for 30 FD points, Diallo racked up at least seven boards and multiple combined blocks/steals.
Bucks coach Mike Budenholzer was unsure how soon they could return.
In a plus matchup against an up-tempo Golden State team, don’t be afraid to stack your Raptors.
But it’s better than win or develop, the more common choice faced by NBA teams deep into a regular season that are trying to serve two often-conflicting masters.
Reigning two-time MVP Giannis Antetokounmpo missed a fourth straight game with a sore left knee that has kept him out of six of the Bucks’ last 11 contests.
In his fourth season, Collins is averaging 18.2 points and 7.8 rebounds in 47 appearances.
He’s grown immensely.” Juzang’s length and skill set have him projected as a possible lottery pick in next year’s NBA draft.
That’s where it comes from … we’re here to help him along the way, but T-Mann is special.” Mann is obviously unproven in the playoffs.
He will remain in broadcasting after assuming his USA Basketball job.
Shams Charania of The Athletic and Andrew Lopez of ESPN reported about the deal on Friday.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Johnny Juzang’s impact at UCLA has been immediate since he transferred from Kentucky, giving the Bruins the scorer and dynamic player they had been missing in recent years.
Dallas Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle missed Friday’s game at the New York Knicks after testing positive for COVID-19 the morning of the game.
• The Mavericks (44.4%) rank fourth in percentage of unassisted field goals made , with Luka Doncic ranking seventh in field goals made (2.2) and third in ppg (5.0) from isolation plays.
• The Blazers (16.2) and Bucks (14.7) rank second and fourth, respectively, in 3-pointers made per game.
Boucher started Toronto’s last game versus the Los Angeles Lakers and compiled 33.1 FD points.
With the Warriors shooting upcourt, Wiseman took a pass in stride on the right wing and went up for a layup.
The 6-foot-5, 186-pound Johnson started 17 games and was the second-leading scorer, averaging 11.3 points a game.
You can see that confidence just oozing right here .
George said: “T-Mann (has) a will to want to get better and his determination is to get better.
Rivers said as much the other day, even if there’s no true home-court advantage, given the capacity-controls inside arenas.
Drummond had an abbreviated debut on last Wednesday against Milwaukee, and the right big toe contusion he suffered delayed his ability to play since then.
If we get a shot up, then that’s good enough.
That’s right, “The Mitten.” “I’ve tried to stop it multiple times,” he said, with a laugh.
He started in his Heat debut Thursday night, helping Miami get over the .500 mark with a 116-109 win over the Golden State Warriors.
Until then, there’s work to be done, a season to finish and a strategy to be devised that gets the most out of both players and, by extension, the team itself.
This kid is still just 22 years old and has been showing why he was the top pick in the Draft two years ago.
We need Zeller to exceed 20+ minutes again for him to give us massive value at the center position on Thursday.
GRADE: The race upcourt against the clock is never easy, and Trent didn’t get — or need — any help to free space for the 3-pointer.
General manager Jon Horst made it apparent how much the Bucks valued the veteran guard.
“He’s just an invaluable resource and has done a remarkable job, so you can’t help but learn from someone like Jerry.” No matter what happens in Tokyo, Hill will take over at a hectic time.
So, we’ll be consistent with Harden, considering the Nets announced Tuesday the star would be out approximately 10 days due to a right hamstring strain.
Collins has missed the last five games for the playoff-contending Hawks, who have dealt with a rash of injuries that have sidelined key players such as De’Andre Hunter, Bogdan Bogdanovich and Cam Reddish for significant periods.
After going with Chris Boucher on Thursday – who exploded for 67.3 FD points versus the Chicago Bulls – why would we stop using centers against Chicago?
We all want to be healthy for when we make that run after May 16.” He continued: “The most flexible teams in the league are usually the most successful at this point because you’re able to just throw guys out there and still have a certain standard that you want to play at.
Initiate final sequence.
The Celtics haven’t been as streaky, but have also teased with some quality wins.
Not only did the Heat reach The Finals last season and haven’t suffered a major injury this season, but they just added Victor Oladipo on the cheap.
UNC is planning an introductory news conference for Davis on Tuesday.
Noel also ranks fourth in the league in blocks (2.0 bpg).
Draymond Green (GSW) $6,600 at MIA The decision to play Draymond Green is completely contingent on whether or not Stephen Curry plays.
Early in the third quarter, Booker was able to get over Gobert’s initial screen for Mitchell, but got hit by the second one.
Although he flashed at times, he never came close to reaching the expectations that came with being coach Mike White’s top recruit in six seasons.
So, I’ve got to do a better job of my decision making, getting guys in their positions, and just getting a shot up.
“I am forever thankful to God for blessing me with talents, surrounding me with a solid support system and positioning me to take this next big step,” Johnson wrote.
Last week’s Ladder : 2 The Pacers center still is your leader in blocks per game (3.5) and total blocks (156).
ET, NBA TV • The Grizzlies enter Friday riding a four-game win streak , all of which have come by 12 points or more, with an average margin of victory of 14.5 ppg.
“I’m not all the way there, but tonight was a big step.” The victory over Boston lifted Philadelphia to a season-series sweep of the Celtics, the team that swept the 76ers in the first round of the 2020 playoffs.
Giannis has 43 such games in 2019-20 and 42 in 2018-19 .
• Nikola Jokic ranks sixth in the league in assists (8.5 apg) and just 13th in potential assists (13.5 per game).
And this is set to be the seventh time in his career that Butler has had more steals ( 63 ) than personal fouls (47).
Kyrie is shooting 52.0% from the field, 36.8% from 3-point range and 95% at the free throw line over 11 games in which the Nets have gone 9-2.
In his last game out, Kanter went off for 12/17/4, and he’ll look to build on that performance tonight.
Sacramento Kings: The Kings were ready to be buried, and then they awakened in mid-March to win seven of eight games and delay (if not cancel) the funeral.
Assuming that’s the case, the Mavs need to start loading up on the help around Luka Doncic.
No doubt, the Celtics are wondering why they’re still in this position with several weeks left to play.
The top offensive lineup (126.1 OffRtg in 22 minutes) has featured Wesley Matthews, Dennis Schroder, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, Montrezl Harrell and Kyle Kuzma.
Jokic averaged 27.1 points, 11.4 rebounds and 8.4 assists as Denver went 11-3 in the month of March.
Cole Anthony (ORL) $4,700 vs. IND: Everyone was curious to see how the Orlando Magic would deploy Cole Anthony in his first action in nearly two months on Wednesday.
They’re 4-2 over that stretch so far , though one of the two losses came in the game (vs. Orlando) that wasn’t against one of the good teams.
His job going forward will be to make sure that doesn’t happen.
Delly is coming in and being that vocal leader and that vet that we need.
Westbrook tied things at 98 with two minutes remaining, and then put the Wizards up one with a 3-pointer that left 41.1 seconds on the clock.
But even then, he knew the potential.
… With Delly coming back we know what to expect pretty much.” Dellavedova has served as something of a player/coach while he’s been out, and Sexton said his input has been invaluable.
Season stats : 13.1 ppg, 3.3 rpg, 5.1 apg Since last Ladder: 12.6 ppg, 3.0 rpg, 6.4 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : 1 Rookies can only do so much.
At Duke, he helped the Blue Devils win national championships in 1991 and 1992.
New Orleans Pelicans: New Orleans is actually outside the top 10 in April?
• Russell Westbrook has recorded a triple-double in six of his last seven games and 10 of his 16 games since the All-Star break, bringing his season total to a league-high 20 and his career mark to 166 .
NBA players are paying their respects after Grammy-nominated hip-hop artist DMX, whose birth name was Earl Simmons, died at 50.
Here are some examples of the work the Suns put in on Wednesday: 1.
ATLANTA (AP) — Atlanta Hawks forward John Collins will be out at least another week with a sprained left ankle.
Anunoby, who received a technical foul and was ejected, has been fined $30,000 for initiating the incident by grabbing Schröder by the leg and recklessly flipping him to the ground after the two became entangled following a common foul committed by Schröder.
Against Zubac, he had eight points on 3-4 shooting, 2-2 from the free throw line, one assist and one turnover.
While Green sees a slight uptick in rebounds when Curry is out, he sees a massive decline in assists (3.51 fewer assists) when Curry is sidelined.
Dallas Mavericks guard Luka Doncic and Milwaukee Bucks guard Jrue Holiday have been named the NBA Players of the Week for Week 15.
Forward Jalen Johnson left the team in February and declared for the draft.
That makes him a great play.
The fate of the Philadelphia 76ers took a sharp turn on March 12 when Joel Embiid fell to the floor and grabbed his bruised left knee, then again when the star center returned to the floor on April 3 and received a hearty welcome back.
The team where the Bulls were last year is the Charlotte Hornets, with only 10.6% of Charlotte opponent possessions having been pick-and-roll ball-handler possessions.
But they made this move a month ago before losing six straight.
To date, the Pelicans qualify as a disappointment and may finish the season with that distinction.
Hart is averaging 9.2 points, 8.0 rebounds and 2.3 assists while shooting 32.6% from 3-point range.
If you’re looking to find cheap pieces for the fast-paced Warriors/Wizards showdown, look no further than Avdija Goga Bitadze (IND) $4,900 at ORL: The Indiana Pacers have injuries to multiple starters right now, including Malcolm Brogdon and Myles Turner.
Further updates to his progress will be issued when available.
Rui Hachimura (WAS) $6,000 at DET Rui Hachimura could be finding his groove right now as he’s earned 37+ FD points in three out of his past four games.
Interestingly, the Nets have played just seven games with Irving, Harden and Durant all in the lineup.
The Nets are preparing to host New Orleans on Wednesday without Harden (hamstring), who is expected to miss at least 10 days, while Durant is available to play after he missed 23 consecutive contests.
“The brain is working,” Hill said.
Warriors rookie James Wiseman injured his right knee landing after a transition layup attempt in the second quarter Saturday against the Rockets, and will not return.
“But it’s definitely not set in stone,” Nets coach Steve Nash said after Monday’s game.
As the Bucks prepared to play at Golden State on Tuesday, Holiday compared Milwaukee’s situation to how the Warriors assembled their championship teams.
There are incentives that could push the total value of Holiday’s deal to nearly $160 million.
They will have to contend with Nerlens Noel, who ranks third in rim protection among the 57 players that defend at least four shots at the basket per game.
Opposing shooters make 41.7% of their shots against him.
He played more minutes than any other player in March, one month after winning the award in February.
“He’s extremely grateful to be able to play the game,” Bickerstaff said.
There have been 17 games across the league this season in which a team has made at least 20 3-pointers while shooting 55% or better from beyond the arc — the Bucks lead the league with four such games; the Warriors have one.
His status will be reviewed again in seven to 10 days.
Victor Oladipo (MIA) $7,600 Oladipo’s debut with the Heat was a bit underwhelming in terms of offensive production, but the guard made his presence felt nonetheless, both as a playmaker and on defense.
New Heights Youth New Heights is a New York City-based organization whose mission is to educate and empower promising underserved youth to be leaders, champions and student-athletes by helping them develop the skills necessary for success in high school, college and life.
JJ Redick doesn’t have an ideal number of games in mind to get ready for the playoffs with the Dallas Mavericks, who were thinking postseason when they acquired the shooting guard with an expiring contract.
Dellavedova hadn’t played since March 10, 2020, the final game before the Cavs’ season was halted by the COVID-19 pandemic.
“Now I use my mind more, trying to outthink the offensive player to find ways to make him uncomfortable.
The first-year point guard would notch 23.7 FD points and with Orlando looking to play their young players more, Anthony should continue seeing more run on Friday against an Indiana that plays at the seventh-fastest pace in the NBA.
The 20-year-old has started nine straight games and is playing nearly 26 minutes a night in that stretch.
“He has shown tremendous growth in his time here at Vanderbilt, and his record-setting sophomore season was just a peek at his potential,” Stackhouse said in a statement.
• Jaylen Brown (29) and Jayson Tatum (28) combined for 57 points in the loss.
Finally, the Sixers won four of six in a recent road trip that preceded the return of Embiid.
If a team with Oladipo, Bam Adebayo, Jimmy Butler, Tyler Herro, Duncan Robinson, Trevor Ariza, Andre Iguodala and Goran Dragic manages to fall short — in the East, no less — it’d be a crime against basketball.
• The Lakers lead the NBA in charges drawn at 69 (1.35 per game) with Montrezl Harrell (18) second to only Toronto’s Kyle Lowry (19) in charges drawn this season.
“But when we were looking at this thing, it was just a blank canvas, you know?
8.
Amped.
Carlisle says he has been fully vaccinated since January and wasn’t experiencing any symptoms.
GAME SITUATION: The Wizards won each of the first three quarters, entering the fourth with an 11-point margin and Russell Westbrook well on his way to yet another triple-double (final line: 23 points, 14 rebounds, 11 assists).
The award came in the midst of Payton’s nine consecutive All-Defense first-team selections.
While the Blazers have two of the top three most prolific 3-point shooters in the league with CJ McCollum and Damian Lillard each averaging 4.2 3-pointers made per game (trailing only Stephen Curry), the Bucks do not have a single player ranked in the top 50 in 3-pointers made per game.
That means not only are the Warriors unlikely to fall beyond 10th place, but they’d be very dangerous in a Play-In because of Curry.
ET, ABC • The Nets won the first meeting of the season with the Lakers, 109-98 on Feb. 18 , behind James Harden’s 23 points and 11 assists, Joe Harris’ 21 points and 6-for-7 shooting on 3-pointers, and 16 points from Kyrie Irving.
• Among qualified rookies, Immanuel Quickly ranks fourth in scoring (12.5 ppg) and fifth in 3-pointers made (1.3 per game) despite ranking just 16th in minutes played (19.9 mpg).
You can e-mail him here , find his archive here  and follow him on Twitter .
I had the tremendous good fortune to learn about the business of the NBA and its teams directly from Rick in my early years at the league office and have always appreciated his friendship and generosity.
Per team policy, terms of the deal were not released.
Jaden McDaniels (PF – MIN) $4,600  This price is too low for any starter on a team projected to score 105-plus points.
• While the Suns improved to 2-3 in overtime games this season — Phoenix is tied for second in overtime games played, trailing only Indiana’s six — the Clippers are one of two teams , along with the Raptors, to have yet to play an overtime game this season.
3 Season stats: 29.8 ppg, 4.3 rpg, 7.8 apg The NBA’s second-leading scorer , Lillard continues to fight through various nagging injuries to lead a surging Portland squad that sits at sixth in the Western Conference.
The junior guard is playing his best at just the right time, leading the Bruins into the Final Four for the first time since 2008.
Braven Braven is a national organization that empowers promising college students with the skills, confidence, experiences and networks necessary to transition from college to stable first jobs, which lead to meaningful careers and lives of impact.
Durant has not played since Feb. 13.
Durant apologized Thursday , saying: “I’m sorry that people seen the language that I used.
The three-time All-Star won the award earlier this season for games played in December and January.
With vaccination efforts continuing to rise across the country, several eligible NBA players have received an initial dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.
Our group is going to grind.” Drummond started for the Lakers in his first NBA game in 6 1/2 weeks, but he wasn’t on the floor to start the second half while getting treatment on his toe.
R.J. Barrett (NYK) $6,000 Why is Barrett this cheap?
That stretch continues with a back-to-back at home, where the Pels are hosting the Orlando on Thursday ( 8 ET, League Pass ) and Atlanta on Friday ( 9 ET, League Pass ).
“Listen, if you’re a lottery pick, and you’re able to accomplish that in two years, that’s a pretty hard thing to turn down,” Hurley said.
Irving didn’t switch that, instead hedging the screen to allow Green to get back to Williamson … Green stayed in front of Williamson, who gave the ball back to Ball and set a screen himself, getting the Pelicans the switch they wanted.
If he could finish the season hitting those marks he would join an exclusive club that includes only eight NBA players.
Two nights later, his calf didn’t feel right against Atlanta and the Cavs decided to shut Love down and give the injury more time to heal.
EL SEGUNDO – The Los Angeles Lakers have signed guard Ben McLemore, it was announced today by Vice President of Basketball Operations and General Manager Rob Pelinka.
This is a team with some upside because of Jackson, and that makes the Grizzlies dangerous and probably a favorite in a Play-In.
This season, that mark is being topped, not by Lillard or one of the other guards who liberally launch long 3-pointers off the dribble, but by Kawhi Leonard.
Dwight Howard plugging the gap: Quite predictably, Howard saw an uptick in minutes at center and performed as well as could be expected, if not better in some spots.
He and Vucevic seem compatible on the floor, so now it’s up to the supporting cast to fall in line.
“I feel like you can tell when somebody’s like super excited or happy about something, and you could hear it in his voice,” Holiday said Monday, one day after agreeing to terms on a four-year extension that would be worth at least $134 million if he exercises his option for the final season.
Irving showcased much of that Monday with a brilliant 40-point performance that included seven assists and two turnovers in a 114-112 win against the New York Knicks that caught the attention of at least one of his NBA point-guard peers.
• Luka Doncic’s scoring prior to All-Star (28.6 ppg) and post All-Star (28.1 ppg) are nearly the same, but he is creating his points differently since the break.
If you’re looking to pay down at center, there isn’t a better bang for your buck than Hernangomez.
I don’t need to be courted or whatever, but it felt good to be appreciated.
Middleton scored 61.3% of his points over 22.4% of his offensive matchup time when being defended by either Eric Paschall (8 points, 3-for-4 FG, 2-3 3-pointers, 54 seconds matchup time) or Stephen Curry (11 points, 3-for-3 FG, 2-for-2 3-pointers, 3-for-3 free throws, 43 seconds).
New York’s bench players average 35.6 ppg (13th), accounting for 33.96% of the Knicks total points (9th).
Guard Niels Lane and forward Samson Ruzhentsev are still weighing their options, according to the team’s official website.
He shot 58.5% from the floor, 43.9% from deep and 82.7% from the free throw line.
Still, 10th place is within reach, and if they claim that spot, Beal and Westbrook could erupt and pull a surprise or two.
NEW YORK — Sacramento Kings guard Buddy Hield has been fined $20,000 for directing inappropriate language toward game officials, it was announced today by Kiki VanDeWeghe, Executive Vice President, Basketball Operations.
“My expectation is hopeful that there will be a Delly sighting tomorrow,” Bickerstaff said.
Opponents shoot 55.0% inside of six feet against Williams, which is 5.8 percentage points lower than their collective regular average.
The performance included an incredible stretch of 25 straight points in the second quarter by the Bulls guard.
That’s hard to overlook at this price, especially with his elite per-minute production.
ET, NBA League Pass The Suns enter Week 16 sitting 3 1/2 games back of the top-seeded Jazz in the West.
Carlisle, in his 13th season coaching the Mavericks, said he had been vaccinated with two shots in January and was surprised to test positive.
They totally dominated us.” Durant got an ovation from the first home crowd he’d played in front of with the Nets.
Harden, currently leading the league with 11.1 assists per game, is averaging 26.1 ppg on 46.8% shooting (36.2% on 3-pointers) in 33 games with Brooklyn following his January arrival from the Rockets.
How I play, I’ll figure that out over time whenever I get out there.”
Last season, under then-coach Jim Boylen, only 12.3% of Bulls’ opponent possessions were pick-and-roll ball-handler possessions.
He became the first Nets player to win the honor since Vince Carter in April 2007.
The Nets’ Big Three has played just seven times since Harden was acquired nearly three months ago.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Guard Scottie Lewis became the sixth player to leave Florida’s basketball program in a little more than a week when he declared for the NBA draft Thursday night.
Golden State Warriors: OK, sure, when you lose by 53 to Toronto (as the Warriors did on April 2 ), you don’t look like a playoff or Play-In Tournament team.
In league play, he ranked in the top 10 in scoring (20.1), seventh in rebounding (6.5), eighth in field goal percentage (.443), 10th in assists (3.3) and seventh in free throw percentage (.843).
Malachi Flynn (TOR) $6,000 vs. CHI Another member of the Raptors that has seen an increased role amid the team’s injury woes is Malachi Flynn.
He ranks sixth in the league in blocks (1.8 bpg) and holds opponents to 55% shooting within six feet of the basket, which is 5.8 percentage points lower than their normal average from that distance.
And now, the Top 5 this week in the 2020-21 Kia Race to the MVP Ladder: Last week’s ranking: No.
• The Celtics are coming off home wins over Houston (+16) and Charlotte (+30) — two of their top seven biggest wins of the season.
• Jeff Green is one of six Nets to appear in both games against New York and has averaged 15.5 points on 70.6% (12-for-17) shooting from the field and 83.3% (5-for-6) from 3-point range.
Giannis Antetokounmpo averages 29.7 points and 12.0 rebounds on the road with 19 double-doubles in 23 road games.
And then the Bucks lost their third straight, resting top players one night after closing a six-game trip with a 116-101 loss at Dallas.
Still, 67.4% (1.35 points per attempt) is a great rate of return.
A reminder on The Horry Scale: It breaks down a game-winning buzzer-beater (GWBB) in the categories of difficulty, game situation (was the team tied or behind at the time?
He’s the latest in growing list of departures in Gainesville and around the country, where teams everywhere are dealing with defections and rebuilds as players take advantage of lenient NCAA transfer rules and a portal that’s ballooned to more than 1,200 guys seeking new places to play.
In his most dynamic performance, he scored 10 of his 40 points in overtime to help the Cowboys win at rival Oklahoma.
“I felt something special there.
• The Nets have outscored their opponents by 132 points in the 476 minutes that Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant have shared the court this season, with a net efficiency rating of plus-12.1 .
Chris Boucher (TOR) $6,000 vs. CHI The Toronto Raptors are shorthanded once again as Fred VanVleet has already been ruled out for Thursday’s game against the Chicago Bulls.
1 spot, while Irving remains on the cusp of cracking the top five.
That makes sense, given the pedigree of their recent past (five Finals from 2015 through 2019) and the ticking primes of cornerstone players Steph Curry and Draymond Green.
[I’m] remaining patient.
The All-Star guard is enjoying the best statistical season of his career, and it’s only a matter of time until he erupts.
Mavericks (24-21) at Celtics (23-24)  7:30 p.m.
But here we are in April and those No.
The only other NBA players averaging at least 16 points, five assists, four rebounds and 1.5 steals this season are Miami’s Jimmy Butler, Denver’s Nikola Jokić and Toronto’s Fred VanVleet.
He set an Auburn record for assists average in a season, breaking current assistant coach Wes Flanigan’s mark of 6.7 per game.
The college kids won 62-54 in that first scrimmage; debate has raged since about whether U.S. coach Chuck Daly threw the game to make a point that no team was unbeatable, but there is no debate about how that day in California helped the NBA stars come together.
1 overall pick, led all rookies with 24.2 points per game in March to go along with 5.5 rebounds, 2.5 assists and 1.6 steals over 13 games with the Timberwolves.
Hollis-Jefferson, 26, played for the Raptors last season, providing energy and defense off the bench.
During his postgame media availability, Mosley said Carlisle was cleared to travel to Washington, where the Mavericks will play the Wizards on Saturday night.
Gallinari sees a solid 24 percent usage when Collins is on the sideline, which is the team’s second-highest.
1 in the Eastern Conference at 35-16.
The Hornets are 16-6 in games that were within five points in the last five minutes and 8-16 otherwise.
• In the seven games without LeBron or Anthony Davis, the Lakers’ defense has remained strong with a defensive efficiency rating of 103.2 (third in the league since March 21).
Along the way, Rondo has become a better 3-point shooter — a career-best 37.8% this season after shooting 40% in the 2020 playoffs.
Deandre Ayton rotated over to contest Mitchell’s floater and Devin Booker rotated down to box out Rudy Gobert.
He, Kyrie Irving and James Harden have been able to play just seven times together since the Nets acquired Harden in January, but the team has rolled to first place in the Eastern Conference while Durant sits.
Plus, Mann was a shooting guard at Florida State and was being asked to switch to the point — always a tricky transition.
OG Anunoby (SF – TOR) $6,600  As I mentioned before with Boucher, this entire Toronto team should see an uptick in usage because of their shorthandedness.
Hunter’s return was short-lived.
Center Oumar Ballo, who averaged 2.5 points and 1.5 rebounds in 6.2 minutes for Gonzaga during the regular season, wasn’t on the Bulldog’s active roster Monday.
The Suns put together a 11-3 record under Williams in March, while the Hawks went 9-4 after McMillan became interim head coach.
The veteran guard was traded three days later to the LA Clippers, who then waived him.
“On that day, he noted the Warriors franchise was always viewed as a sleeping giant that could be very successful if it ever got into the right hands.
Over 156 games with Phoenix, Chicago and Utah, he’s averaged 5.5 points and 2.4 rebounds.
James Wiseman (GSW) $4,000 at MIA Just by hearing the Warriors speak about James Wiseman, they realize he’s a 19-year-old rookie who’s being thrown into the NBA amid an unusual season.
Nine organizations – Big Brothers Big Sisters of Miami , Braven , Center for Leadership Development , City Year , CodeCrew , The Collective Blueprint , NAF , New Heights Youth and Road to Hire – have been selected as part of the Foundation’s second grant round.
Willy Hernangomez (NO): $4,200 at ATL Hernangomez has averaged 26.4 FD points across 23 minutes in his last two games, and he should be in line for another start if Steven Adams remains out.
Adebayo gets the nod for logging more games, anchoring Miami’s D full-time, and making a 7-point difference when he’s on the floor vs. off.
After the Hornets, the team with the highest switch rate on ball screens is the Brooklyn Nets.
Hill will become the men’s national team managing director following the Tokyo Olympics, USA Basketball said Saturday.
Free agent guard Jeff Teague has signed with the Milwaukee Bucks, the team announced.
I like to cause havoc on that side of the court, whether I’m guarding a guard or a big.
Even if he plays just 25 minutes, the Raptors center can reach 6x value.
Besides Boucher and Flynn, DeAndre’ Bembry has earned a large role during the team’s recent stretch of games.
“Then I remembered when I got older.
Through the Pelicans’ first 23 games this season, that rate was up to a little less than 7% .
Onyeka Okongwu (ATL) $4,700 vs. CHI: Clint Capela is questionable for the Atlanta Hawks and being that his ailment is affecting his Achilles, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see Atlanta hold him out.
“I’m hoping that I can really help this team in a few ways and contribute to winning and contribute to hopefully a long playoff run.” Redick’s postseason experience leaves Carlisle with little worry about figuring out how to incorporate what could be the club’s best 3-point threat into the lineup, presumably in late April and early May leading into the playoffs.
The Miami Heat announced that Victor Oladipo will not be joining the team on its upcoming four-game road trip.
And that’s where Rondo’s arrival is expected to fill that void.
Dallas is also looking for its first win over Utah as the Jazz swept a two-game series in late January.
ET, NBA TV • The Nets enter Monday with the top-ranked offense in the league — scoring 117.2 points per 100 possessions.
He noted that of the eight centers who won the award over the past 50 years, six had more college experience than Wiseman and one (Pau Gasol) had been a pro for two years in Spain.
It would also mark the first time an Erik Spoelstra team underachieved.
They did hold off a Wizards comeback on Tuesday, with Rozier getting a couple of key 2-point buckets late.
There are a few teams that will play zone for multiple possessions in a row, and more that will mostly use it when the opponent is taking the ball out of bounds as a way to throw a wrench in whatever play the offense is trying to run.
Devonte’ Graham (CHA) $6,500 The Hornets are now without LaMelo Ball, Malik Monk and Gordon Hayward.
Brooklyn Nets superstar James Harden missed Thursday’s 111-89 win against the Charlotte Hornets because of right hamstring tightness.
Playing pick-and-rolls aggressively, the Bulls led the league (by a healthy margin) in opponent turnover rate , but also in the percentage of their opponents’ shots that came in the restricted area.
For the season, the Bucks are the second-highest scoring team in the league at 119.0 ppg (0.1 ppg behind Brooklyn).
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope (LAL) $5,800: The Lakers need somebody to step up with all of these guys out, and KCP has been doing all he can.
I don’t think Rajon will just help Kawhi and Paul.
It’s up to the Warriors, who have designated him their starter in the middle since March 23, to synchronize – if they can – the desire to win with their veteran stars with hedging their bets for future seasons.
That means Embiid will fortify a team that will seek to finish strong while also attempting to reclaim his place in line for the MVP race.
But a subsequent exam showed it to be more serious.
As long as this dude gets 30 minutes, he can easily accrue a double-double and has legit 20-20 upside with so much talent missing out of this rotation.
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said in March that changes to the league’s health and safety protocols would be in store for those who decide to get the vaccine.
Devin Booker, Phoenix Suns And five more: Stephen Curry, Golden State Warriors; Rudy Gobert, Utah Jazz; Zion Williamson, New Orleans Pelicans; Chris Paul, Phoenix Suns; Donovan Mitchell, Utah Jazz.
“When he’s out there, we’re able to see what he sees as well,” Sexton said.
But his numbers have dipped since – 10.6, 5.7 – taking his confidence with them.
Even if they fall into a Play-In situation, it would mean progress for a franchise looking to shake free of a lost decade.
• Ja Morant (18.8 ppg) and RJ Barrett (17.5 ppg) rank second and third, respectively, in scoring among second-year players.
On-demand programming, including the Basketball Stories series, is also available directly to consumers through NBA.com and the NBA App.
The Bucks’ investment in Holiday, Antetokounmpo and Middleton — even without incentives — totals $105 million in 2021-22, $113 million in 2022-23 and would be $120 million in 2023-24 if Middleton exercises a player option he has for that season.
Secondly, the Hornets have switched 38% of ball screens, the league’s highest rate, according to Second Spectrum.
He is strongly committed to family.
The Tar Heels are staying in the “Carolina family” again, this time by turning to a trusted former player who has never been a college head coach.
The Portland Trail Blazers plan to sign forward Rondae Hollis-Jefferson, reports Shams Charania of The Athletic .
“I’ve grown so much as a player here but more importantly as a person.
The nail was completely ripped off in the first quarter when Bucks center Brook Lopez stepped on Drummond’s foot, but Drummond said he did not notice the extent of the injury until halftime, even though it was “very, very painful.” “To have this happen to me in the first game is kind of deflating for me, but my head is high,” said Drummond, who hadn’t played in a game for Cleveland since Feb. 12.
Then, the surprise: He jumped ahead of Kennard by simply being more aggressive, then became more consistent than Williams, and suddenly Lue didn’t have a choice.
Center for Leadership Development For more than four decades, the Center for Leadership Development (CLD) has transformed the lives of Black young people in Indianapolis, helping students and their families overcome pervasive challenges by equipping them for post-secondary and professional success with the character development tools, values and skills needed to flourish and enrich their communities.
In major competitions with Colangelo as managing director, the U.S. men have gone 97-4.
Both are ranked in the top five in 3-point percentage , with the Clippers first at 41.7% and the Nuggets fifth at 38.7%.
Tobias Harris served as the team’s leading scorer while their All-Star center was sidelined, averaging 21.6 points on 52.4% shooting from the field, 42.3% from deep and 94.3% from the charity stripe.
So, when he goes in the game, he will be like, ‘Alright I see this play, so run this.’ Or he will make sure he has the plays in his back pocket.
The adaptability Irving continues to flex should figure prominently when it comes to enhancing Brooklyn’s prospects for reaching the ultimate goal of hoisting the Larry O’Brien Trophy.
Doncic shot 6-of-8 from 3-point range and finished with 31 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists.
“They built together for so long and they won together for so long that I feel like it kind of came to a point where they were just this well-oiled machine and knew each other and knew how things were going to go,” Holiday said.
“I know that I will be moving on to a new place and if god is willing to a new team but please know that Gainesville and the Stephen O’Connell arena will always have a special place in my heart!” he wrote.
31) 28 points (11-16 FG, 3-5 3P), 8 rebounds, 6 assists, 4 steals, 1 block > Video Box Score Bucks 127, Trail Blazers 109  (Apr.
A native of Montreal, Quebec, Birch is averaging 4.7 points, 4.4 rebounds and 16.5 minutes in 188 career games (30 starts) during four seasons in Orlando (2017-21).
He played 61 games in the NBA from 2016 to 2020 with the Bucks, the Lakers and the Wizards, and his goal is to get back.
Sometimes there are people of Asian decent.
It’s very possible that months from now, the Clippers could reflect back to the emergence of Mann and the arrival of Rondo as the turning point of a special season.
They are led by Harris, who ranks third in the league in 3-point accuracy (48.4%) and sixth in total 3-pointers made (166) so far this season.
Then there were those who helped — Howard, Shake Milton, Seth Curry — and had moments when their minutes, roles and importance increased minus Embiid.
Wiseman hasn’t had the rookie campaign he envisioned having, but he’s still playing a decent-sized role with the team.
The Bucks gave up guards Eric Bledsoe and George Hill, first-round draft choice R.J. Hampton and two future first-round draft picks as part of the four-team trade.
Before the next rankings drop on Monday, here are some of the storylines he’s keeping an eye on this weekend.
ET, NBA TV • This matchup features the top two scorers in the league in Bradley Beal (31.2 ppg) and Stephen Curry (29.7 ppg).
Newly added Los Angeles Lakers center Andre Drummond will be back in the mix tonight against the Miami Heat ( 7:30 ET, TNT ) after missing the team’s last four games with a toe injury.
Totally dominated,” Pelicans coach Stan Van Gundy said.
Milwaukee at Dallas  9 p.m.
A year after its opening, Chase Center was named Sports Facility of the Year by Sports Business Journal and has received numerous distinctions and industry awards.
The next challenge for Ayton and the Suns is the most efficient pick-and-roll scorer in the league, with the Suns in L.A. on Thursday, where they’ll face the Clippers for the second half of their measuring-stick, national-TV back-to-back.
Part of Detroit’s exciting rookie corps (Isaiah Stewart, Saben Lee) that now has lottery pick Killian Hayes back from season-gutting hip injury.
Opponents generally want to go under ball screens for Williamson.
LeBron James, Los Angeles Lakers 9.
Not only is it the longest active streak in the league, it is Utah’s third streak of at least nine straight wins this season.
Coach Mike Budenholzer said Antetokounmpo didn’t do any pregame work and didn’t indicate when the five-time All-Star would return.
Also, coach Gregg Popovich hasn’t suddenly forgotten how to lead a team to the postseason.
Since then, the Suns have gone 27-6 – the top record in the NBA during that time, followed by Utah and Brooklyn both a 24-8.
That’s what I’m used to.
The second-year pro has averaged 7.8 points, 1.4 assists, 4.6 rebounds and 1.1 blocks per game over his last eight appearances.
The perfect way to cap a great week.
The two-time All-Star is eligible to make his Pelicans debut on Sunday against the Houston Rockets.
“I’ve been around that mindset my whole life, just from watching my dad,” he said a few days ago in a phone interview.
• Giannis Antetokounmpo finished with 25 points and 12 rebounds in the loss on Jan. 21.
Harrison Barnes (SAC) $6,300 vs. DET The Sacramento Kings will host the Detroit Pistons on Thursday in a game that features the third-highest over-under on the entire slate.
But he did not hire an agent and is expected to return.
You want to be around them.
Of course, it’s hard to gauge who will get minutes for the Thunder right now, which makes Mykhailiuk a risky play on Thursday night.
He shot a perfect 5-for-5 for the field, finishing with 17 points, seven rebounds, and five assists.
Collins was injured in a March 30 loss at Phoenix.
Is Antetokounmpo’s latest injury setback cause for concern?
He scored at least 20 points three times in the NCAA Tournament, including 28 against Michigan to clinch a spot in the Final Four.
Obviously, they’re the defending Eastern Conference champs and they got better and I’m sure he’ll enjoy his time here playing with the guys he gets to play with.” Oladipo didn’t enjoy playing against them last year, when he and the Indiana Pacers endured that first-round sweep.
NAF NAF is a national organization solving some of the biggest challenges facing education and workforce development by bringing education, business and community leaders together to increase access to opportunities for more than 100,000 high school students that help them reach their full potential.
But before Hernangomez could get into the paint, Kevin Durant slid off of James Johnson to scram Irving.
ET, TNT • In LA’s win over Denver on Christmas Day, the Clippers used the combo of Serge Ibaka (4:19, 34% of matchup time) and Ivica Zubac (3:56, 31.1% of matchup time) to try to slow down Nikola Jokic.
Instead, Simmons leaned on his strengths after returning from his own absence due to health and safety protocols, and provided typically solid defense (opponents scored 101 points or less in six of the 10 games against Philly) along with the rebounding help the Sixers needed without Embiid.
It’s been too long for me … I’m just excited to get back out there.” Entering Wednesday, the Nets have only had their star trio of Durant, James Harden and Kyrie Irving in the same lineup for seven games (5-2) this season, but are currently No.
In the West, there’s a reasonable margin between sixth and seventh, so we’ll sneak-preview teams 7 through 12.
MILWAUKEE — Jrue Holiday says it was an easy decision to sign a contract extension in his first season with the Milwaukee Bucks.
Though he’s made just eight 3-pointers, Williamson has the highest true shooting percentage (66.2%) among the 47 players with a usage rate of 25% or higher.
Brooklyn has been without Kevin Durant since mid-February because of his own hamstring strain.
The Clippers suddenly became a team devoid of young talent except for Mann, and he wasn’t considered an asset.
Why not take a flier on a member of the Wizards that can put points in bunches from outside the arc?
Last week’s Ladder : 3 Philadelphia has stayed afloat in the defensive rankings during Joel Embiid’s injury absence in part because of Simmons’ equal or greater case for DPOY.
In the 23 games that he’s missed during that time, the Nets went an NBA-best 19-4 while averaging 115.8 ppg and outscoring teams by an average of 5.5 ppg.
For the second straight season, the Hornets have been the league’s best 3-point shooting team in the clutch , 32-for-66 (48%) on clutch 3-pointers entering their game in Brooklyn on Thursday.
“To have had a front row seat to the growth of the NBA from where it was in the late 1960s to its place today as one of the most respected and successful leagues in sports on a global stage has been an incredible privilege.
During this time, Welts oversaw the completion of the Warriors’ state-of-the-art new arena, Chase Center, in San Francisco’s Mission Bay neighborhood, which opened its doors in September 2019.
Nevertheless, the rookie forward gets an opportunity to face a shorthanded Toronto squad on Thursday, which could pave the way for him to receive more minutes.
Doncic also leads the league in scoring as the ball handler in pick-and-roll plays (14.2 ppg) with an effective field goal percentage of 58.7% – the second highest among the top 60 in field goal attempts on those plays.
The Blazers are 19-7 in those games, and have won four in a row when Lillard reaches 30 points.
The Bucks believe the 6-foot-3 Holiday has been worth the price.
“I am honored and humbled to be given the opportunity to lead this program,” Davis said.
Pokusevski will be a key contributor at power forward, especially since the Hornets surrender the most FDPPG to the position.
That’s a stupendous total from such a cheap player, and he certainly shouldn’t have any issues exploiting this G League Thunder roster, even if he gets limited minutes.
Wiseman, of course, has been the key to Golden State’s either/or vs. both dilemma.
[ NBA.com/Stats | Miami Heat ] (In no particular order) T.J. McConnell, Indiana Pacers Matisse Thybulle, Philadelphia 76ers OG Anunoby, Toronto Raptors Chris Paul, Phoenix Suns Clint Capela, Atlanta Hawks * * * Steve Aschburner has written about the NBA since 1980.
“I’ve still got a long way to go to get back to where I was before I got hurt,” Embiid said, after dropping 35 points in dominating fashion to help the Sixers defeat the Boston Celtics 106-96 in just his second game back from a bone bruise in his left knee.
“Space Jam: A New Legacy″ is set to debut in theaters and on HBO Max on July 16.
Rondo won titles with the Boston Celtics and Los Angeles Lakers, the latter coming last season when he dialed back the basketball clock for some helpful stretches during the Lakers’ deep run.
As it turns out, now that we can look forward to welcoming fans back safely to Chase Center, and we have a realistic hope for a return to ‘business as usual’ for next season, this timing feels perfect.” “I’ll never forget the day we introduced Rick to the media as our President in 2011,” said Joe Lacob, Warriors Co-Executive Chairman and CEO.
Jokic retains the No.
* * * John Schuhmann is a senior stats analyst for NBA.com.
• This is a meeting of the team with the top-ranked offense (Brooklyn at 117.5) against the team with the top-ranked defense (Los Angeles at 105.6 allowed).
Rui Hachimura of Gonzaga was a lottery pick, but he is a native of Japan.
While the veteran Clippers aren’t desperate for the leadership Rondo brings, his direction can still be helpful.
Josh Richardson (DAL) $5,000 The Houston Rockets allow the most FDPPG to shooting guards, where Richardson spends 82% of his minutes despite his small forward designation.
The Gators will be active in the transfer portal to rebuild their roster, especially since White signed just one recruit in the 2021 class: talented guard Kowacie Reeves.
He was later cleared to enter, then forced to leave again in the third quarter.
The good news is they’re one winning streak away from rising as high as fourth place and away from the desperate pack.
Hill was a 19-year-old college sophomore when he was brought in along with Bobby Hurley, Chris Webber and others to scrimmage the U.S. team that featured Michael Jordan, Larry Bird, Magic Johnson, Patrick Ewing and more.
He averaged 40.7 FanDuel points per game (FDPPG) through that stretch (5.6x value), and he’ll take on the NBA’s worst defense against centers this evening.
A defense that employs a soft “drop” coverage typically has a higher percentage, with opposing ball-handlers more likely to step into an uncontested jumper.
They made it an easy decision.” The Bucks acquired Holiday from the New Orleans Pelicans in November as part of a four-team trade.
I expect similar production from McConnell tonight, but he can also reach 30 fantasy points.
“We had a good moment,” Hill said.
When the Celtics went to a 2-3 zone, the Sixers might not have recognized it, so they ran their play, and it turned out to work really well … When Tobias Harris and Joel Embiid set a staggered screen for Seth Curry, Jayson Tatum had to slide over from the left side of the floor to pick up the ball.
In a statement, athletic director Bubba Cunningham said Davis is the “best leader we can possibly have for our men’s basketball program.” “He teaches student-athletes on and off the court,” Cunningham said.
NEW YORK (AP) — Kevin Durant was fined $50,000 by the NBA on Friday for his offensive and derogatory language in social media messages to actor Michael Rapaport.
In seven games without the two All-Stars, the Lakers have gone 3-4 with the trio of Dennis Schroder (18.9 ppg, 7.1 apg), Montrezl Harrell (18.1 ppg, 8.6 rpg) and Kyle Kuzma (17.9 ppg, 8.0 rpg, 4.3 apg) leading the way.
He and the Nets thought the injury was minor when he missed his first game Feb. 15 in Sacramento.
• Brooklyn (22-7) and Charlotte (16-6) are two of the top teams in clutch situations.
“It was automatic, I guess.” The typical image of a great basketball player and his or her young child is for the parent to hoist the kid close to the rim so dropping the ball through is easy and fun.
• Julius Randle is one of only five players in the league to average at least 20 points, 10 rebounds and five assists so far this season.
The big man might even be on the way to finishing the season in the elusive 50-40-90 club.
I always say, if I had a chance to play in the era my dad did in the ‘90s, I would love that because of the bumping and hitting they allowed.
That included his 19-8-5 performance vs. the Kings in which he shot 5-for-15 with seven turnovers in a snapshot of his season.
“I think we’re hopeful, with maybe P.J.
He’s averaging 1.5 steals, 3.5 deflections and 1.3 loose balls recovered nightly, while taking pride in shadowing opponents’ most potent scoring threats as needed.
• Irving (29.5 ppg) ranks second in the league in scoring since the All-Star break , trailing Stephen Curry by 0.4 ppg.
Since losing LeBron on March 20, the Lakers have been led by the trio of Montrezl Harrell (16.3 ppg), Dennis Schroder (16.2 ppg) and Kyle Kuzma (14.7 ppg).
LeBron James, Los Angeles Lakers 7.
Terance Mann (LAC) $5,100 vs. DEN Paul George has been dealing with a nagging foot injury, forcing the Los Angeles Clippers to insert other players into the rotation.
The Hawks say tests confirmed the ankle sprain and also showed a bone bruise.
To view the incident, click on the following link.
You’ve got to make some major moves, and we made some major changes this year.
There’s no such thing as an ideal time to lose a player of his magnitude, but March was a month that showed mercy on the vulnerable Sixers in terms of scheduling.
Antetokounmpo dominated in Milwaukee’s Friday night win at Portland , amassing 47 points and 12 rebounds in 33 minutes of action.
Well, the Heat have Adebayo and Jimmy Butler, both of whom merit defensive acclaim.
New York, more than most teams, is being compared to its recent past, so what it is showing now is positive.
Given that Nance, Allen, and Kevin Love are out for the Cavaliers again, Hartenstein is a free square at the power forward position.
New addition LaMarcus Aldridge made his Nets debut against Charlotte and was more than solid, starting at center and finishing 11 points, nine rebounds and six assists, looking like a good fit for a Nets team that won for the 20th time in its last 23 games.
Nets coach Steve Nash listed the former MVP as day-to-day and should return within the next few games.
If that’s the case, Howard is an incredible value.
New York at Boston  7:30 p.m.
Tyrese Haliburton (SG – SAC) $5,600  The Sacramento rookie has been a 0.94 FPPM guy this season, and his usage has sat just shy of 24% in his last couple of games.
Phoenix has built a 2 1/2 game cushion over the No.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Rick Carlisle is back coaching the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday night at Washington after missing Friday’s win in New York against the Knicks due to a positive COVID-19 test.
Tobias Harris continued his strong play as he led the Sixers with 32 points on 13-17 (76.5%) shooting from the field, 66.7% (2-3) from 3-point range and 100% (4-4) from the free throw line.
Obviously it’s an honor Payton II would rather not win back-to-back.
In an inter-borough matchup between the Brooklyn Nets and the New York Knicks, the Nets were stripped of one of their superstars before halftime.
The cause of his face-first fall and his current condition have not been released publicly.
While he was limited in his first game with the Lakers, Drum played 27 minutes and provided one of his patented double-doubles on Thursday.
Holiday received an NBA Cares community assist award in January for his efforts to support people impacted by the pandemic.
When VanVleet and Lowry are off the floor, Flynn averages a 20.7 percent usage percentage, and he averages 41.61 FD points per 36 minutes.
They also acquired second-round pick Sam Merrill and gave New Orleans the right to swap two future first-round picks as part of the deal.
“So you can imagine how frustrating and how difficult this process has been for a guy like that.
Denver’s Nikola Jokic (20 in 25 games) is the only player with more road double-doubles than Giannis.
He should easily clear 5x value with an average share of minutes tonight, as the Magic give up the second-most FDPPG to point guards.
A timetable for his return is currently unknown, but missing the second half of a back-to-back seemed likely for a player that is helping lead the No.
Jonas Valanciunas ranks ninth among all players at 12.2 ppg, while Ja Morant ranks 25th at 10.8 ppg.
“He is a once in a generation point guard who has an uncanny ability to score and help others score.” Cooper, who was picked to the Southeastern Conference All-Freshman team, was a consensus 5-star and top-20 prospect out of McEachern High School.
Juzang’s success and UCLA’s run into the Final Four has drawn positive reactions from Vietnam and all over the world.
“His character and his hard work clearly shined through his lone season with us,” Auburn coach Bruce Pearl said.
“Luka is as good as anybody in the league and creating his own shot and creating for other people,” said Redick, who averaged 8.7 points in 31 games with the Pelicans, about four points off his career average.
“So, now James.
Dennis Schroder (LAL) $7,000: Dennis the Menace has been given a tough duty to run this Lakers offense, but he’s doing a fine job.
We feel he can help us with our day-to-day culture.
Hill went into the Hall of Fame in 2018 and has worked as an NBA and college basketball analyst for Turner Sports for nearly a decade.
Bucks (29-17) at Lakers (30-17)  10 p.m.
But players such as Harden and Nikola Jokic continue to shine with competition heating up for the stretch run of the season.
In a recent piece on Rookie of the Year winners, Monte Poole of NBA Sports Bay Area reminded readers of an NBA truism: It takes big men longer.
It felt good to be wanted.” "I'm a Buck for life."
The former All-Star guard has been out since Feb. 8 as he recovered from arthroscopic surgery on his left knee.
“It’s a culture.
The Jazz (117.6) and Suns (117.1) rank second and third, respectively, in scoring in that time, while the Suns rank first in field goal percentage (50.5%), while the Jazz rank 13th (46.8%).
My dad kind of let me do it on my own and figure it out.
Indiana Pacers: It doesn’t appear that TJ Warren is going to be around to bail them out, which means the Pacers must figure how to reverse a disappointing season on their own.
Patrick Williams (SF – CHI) $3,600  Williams has seen an improvement in his game of late, but his price has stayed stagnant, making him a fine play for tonight’s slate.
The Nets are 13-3 this season when Harris makes more than three 3-pointers, which he did in the first meeting with the Lakers.
“Adding him to our team has made us better on both ends of the floor.
Jayson Tatum (2.7) and Luka Doncic (2.3) rank third and sixth, respectively, in field goals made on isolation plays .
The film’s plot involves LeBron needing to win a basketball game against a rogue artificial intelligence in order to rescue his onscreen son and escape a virtual reality.
The veteran big man amassed an all-time team record 30 rebounds in the Blazers’ 118-103 win over Detroit on Saturday, besting the previous mark of 27 rebounds set by Sidney Wicks in 1975.
To learn more about the NBA Foundation or apply for a grant, please visit www.nbafoundation.com .
“After that, there were a bunch of players I grew up around, coming to the gym, like [Jason] Kidd, Kevin Garnett and other friends of the family.
The ceiling for Jackson and Ja Morant is probably seventh place, and that would make for a solid finish.
Yes, such is the case despite a pair of young foundational forwards in Zion Williamson and Brandon Ingram, who combine for roughly 50 ppg.
The Clippers have been setting more ball screens for Leonard since the All-Star break (23.8 per game) than they were prior (19.0), but for comparison, the Blazers have set more than 45 ball screens per game for Lillard.
They will face a Warriors team ranked ninth in defensive efficiency (110.3) and seventh in opponent effective field goal percentage (52.7%).
Four of those 19 came in his rookie debut.
Then we’ll see how long it takes him to whip into game shape and resume the pace he set for himself as one of the league’s bright young talents.
The son of six-time NBA champ and one of the league’s 50 greatest players Scottie Pippen, he ranked second in the Southeastern Conference both in scoring at 20.8 points and with 4.8 assists a game.
They’ll probably put up the good fight, maybe right until the end, even if they don’t make a serious claim for the 10th spot.
The Nets don’t seem to mind if James Harden gets switched onto a big.
The Jazz are on pace to average the most 3-pointers made of any team in league history, topping this season’s Portland Trail Blazers (16.2 per game) and the 2018-19 Houston Rockets (16.1 per game).
The former two-time Finals MVP was greeting with cheers from the limited Nets crowd before hitting his first shot from mid-range.
Coach Mike Krzyzewski said in a statement that Steward had an “incredible freshman season and he has so much more potential.”′ He is the second Blue Devils freshman to announce plans to enter the NBA draft.
DIFFICULTY: With a live rebound and no timeouts, Trent needed to cover ground to give Toronto a chance.
Tobias Harris’ play: He averaged 22 ppg, 7.4 rpg and 4.3 apg in a well-rounded March and took over for Embiid as the primary scoring option, making an efficient 52.5% of his shots.
Randle’s 31.5 ppg is the third-highest scoring average against the Nets this season among the 158 players that have played at least two games against Brooklyn.
When Nash was addressed about Harden’s injury after the win, the Nets’ coach said he had not talked to Harden about it.
But even in the West — where the competition is steep, even near the bottom — the Pelicans can’t be counted out quickly because they have such vast firepower.
Leonard had seen a drop himself, but after taking only 18% of his shots in the restricted area through his first 31 games, he’s taken 29% of his shots there over his last 12.
The Atlanta Hawks (12-4 since March 1), Charlotte Hornets (seemingly bound for a slide with Gordon Hayward’s foot injury ), and New York Knicks (with a difficult remaining schedule) are all in the mix, but not as proven as the teams that fought for the conference title last year.
“Any time someone doesn’t play we definitely have to have that mentality that we’re still going to play at a very high level.
“We didn’t know until like before the game, probably like 45 minutes before the game or something like that,” McDaniels said.
Giannis is 3-1 in head-to-head games with Doncic, including their first meeting this season on Jan. 15.
9.
Balance has been key for the Grizzlies during the streak as no player is averaging more than 18.5 ppg (Dillon Brooks and Jonas Valanciunas).
“We always say it doesn’t matter who’s on the floor,” said Graham, who shot 6 of 12 from 3-point range.
Both the Suns and Jazz hold their opponents 1.6 percentage points below their normal shooting percentage on 3-point shots.
While Cody Zeller isn’t a dominant big man, by any means, he’s more than capable of stuffing the stat sheet.
With starter Pat Beverley dealing with knee issues, Mann’s growth is crucial and welcome.
If Beal is forced to sit once more on Saturday, Hachimura could be the focal point of the Wizards attack alongside Russell Westbrook against a Mavericks team playing on the road in the second night of a back-to-back set.
If Brown gets more minutes against the Cavaliers, Cleveland has allowed the eighth-most (56.83) FD points per game to centers in their past seven games while Jarrett Allen has been out.
But such is the somber reality for a team despite two All-Stars.
He averages 29.8 FDPPG (5x value) on the year.
He played 20-plus minutes in his first two games back for the Wizards (of course, Bradley Beal has been out), but he should be in line for a stable rotational role behind even if they both play; he had been averaging 20.6 minutes per game before his injury.
“We took on that role, and it just wasn’t fitting with the guys, or whatever the case may be.
Hopefully for Chicago’s sake, this is a temporary condition.
But Barrett lit up Boston for 19 points, three assists and 11 rebounds back in January, so we can’t write him off.
The Charlotte Hornets have given up a league-worst 48.97 FD points per game to power forwards, which bodes well for Portis if Antetokounmpo is indeed ruled out.
Now in his fourth season with the Clippers, Beverley is averaging 8.0 points while shooting 41.6% from 3-point range.
If Brogdon is sidelined for another game on Friday, then Jeremy Lamb could be set up for a productive showing against the Magic.
Charlotte Hornets: Until LaMelo Ball grabbed his wrist in pain, and a foot flared for Gordon Hayward, everything was swell … and then it was swollen.
The rookie scored 26.1 FD points against a stingy Phoenix team last game and did even better against Golden State.
He then followed that up Wednesday with nine turnovers against the Lakers (which also tied a career-high).
Milwaukee goes into tonight’s matchup against Lillard in Portland with a record of 12-10 on the road (3-5 road record against West teams).
And once he joined the Hawks, Rondo was a secondary player who saw roughly 15 minutes a night, and that’s when he was healthy.
Whenever Collins isn’t on the floor, Danilo Gallinari has been one of the Hawks’ main beneficiaries.
As an affiliate of BBBS of America, the oldest and largest mentoring organization in the country, BBBS Miami is rooted and grounded in social justice to develop a diverse and equitable workforce.
Haliburton thrived during the Kings’ recent 5-0 stretch, and he’s been OK in their current 0-4 skid.
He’s coming off of a 31.6 point outing on Thursday and should continue to see more time with Larry Nance Jr. ruled out Saturday.
I think my natural instincts take over.” That’s where the issue of nature vs. nurture comes in.
If Lee can crack the starting lineup again against the Wizards, he’ll get a chance to play in a pace-up game versus a Washington squad that has been the fourth-worst team against point guards in terms of FD points allowed per game in the past 15 games.
“We’ve got a few champions on the team, but now we want to see others have that same championship-level mindset, mentality, and then exemplify it.
If you count Harden’s brief appearance on Monday, the Nets are 16-3 this season when both guards play.
One reason is their performance in close games.
• The Sixers won their first game with Embiid back on Saturday against the Timberwolves 122-113, but lost to Memphis the following night (100-116) while Embiid sat the back-to-back.
Look for him to rebound after some time off.
Hart underwent an MRI exam Friday at Ochsner Health, which confirmed the injury diagnosis.
And it’s on defense where they’ve bigger improvement from last season.
The Celtics certainly lost a huge piece this offseason when Gordon Hayward went to Charlotte.
Wendell Carter Jr. (ORL) $7,300 Carter has looked great over his last three starts for the Magic.
In a sense, Terance Mann and Rajon Rondo are the bonuses the Clippers never saw coming, yet in quick time have become crucial pieces for a team with championship aspirations.
Not many guys under $4,000 bring the upside that Bertans does on Friday night.
He’s listed as probable on the team’s official injury report.
Suns (36-14) at Clippers (34-18)  10 p.m.
In Durant’s absence, Kyrie Irving scored a team-best 28.4 points while adding 6.6 assists and 5.3 rebounds.
“You [can] never be complacent.
He believes defense can be his ticket.
These guys are a little banged up.” Charlotte also wasn’t close to full strength.
• The Bucks enter Tuesday ranked fifth in the league in offensive efficiency (116.4 points per 100 possessions) and second in effective field goal percentage (56.8%).
Season stats : 10.9 ppg, 5.4 rpg, 2.0 apg Since last Ladder: 15.6 ppg, 5.2 rpg, 3.2 apg  Last Ladder’s rung : 4 Where might Tate have been picked in the Class of 2020, based on his work thus far?
“He’s just an amazing basketball player, and he found a way to keep our team in it for big stretches,” Nets coach Steve Nash said of Irving.
10 p.m.
The Paytons apparently didn’t do any of that, nor did they work on footwork or tenacity at the other end of the court.
The Nets have also been without Kevin Durant (strained left hamstring) and his injury absence is expected to last at least another week.
The Spurs are indeed a dangerous team because DeMar DeRozan (21.1 ppg, 7.2 apg) is hooping and the young core around him is maturing.
City Year City Year is a national organization that helps students and schools succeed while preparing the next generation of civically engaged leaders who can work across lines of difference.
The Clippers’ star has scored 1.16 points per possession as a pick-and-roll ball-handler, despite making fewer than one pull-up 3 per game .
You want to have that type of character around you and your family.
Our defense was absurd.
It ended well, anyway: Rondo has a better team and his money.
• The Celtics (44.9%) and Mavericks (44.4%) rank third and fourth, respectively, in percentage of unassisted field goals made .
Locke was a slow-footed, one-dimensional shooter.
* * * Steve Aschburner has written about the NBA since 1980.
This extension comes at a time when Holiday is playing his best basketball of the season.
Giannis Antetokounmpo sat out his third consecutive due to soreness in his left knee.
“Not just on the court, but off the court, how my teammates, how they are, just great people,” Holiday said.
Isaiah Stewart (DET): $3,700 at DEN With Mason Plumlee out for rest Monday, Steward delivered his best performance of the season with a 33.2 FD point effort.
With Curry back in the lineup for the Golden State Warriors, Green should be able to hit 5x value at his price tag of $6,600.
He could be back sometime next week.
Snell remained in Atlanta and will miss road games at Charlotte and against Toronto in Tampa on Tuesday night.
Hamidou Diallo (DET) $6,100 Diallo is starting to find his groove in Detroit after being acquired earlier this month.
• During the Bucks’ win on Christmas Day, they shot 20-36 (55.6%) from 3-point range as a team.
The Pelicans allow the most of them per game (15.1), and Harris averages 3.2 made 3s per game.
Butler’s 10.9 differential is the seventh highest of the 117 players that have played at least 1,200 minutes this season.
That was the case in the fourth quarter in Boston on Tuesday, when the Sixers were inbounding the ball on the side.
3 in franchise history .
Brooklyn is not a scary matchup either, sitting 25th in defensive efficiency.
Jokic’s teammates convert on 62.8% of his potential assists, which is the highest percentage of the 24 players in the league that average at least six assists per game.
He got seven of his 33 steals, as well as 11 defensive rebounds, on Feb. 13 against the Ignite elite team.
And he’s part of the broadcast team for the men’s Final Four this weekend in Indianapolis, the sixth straight year he’s been on that crew.
NEW YORK – Of the 483 players tested for COVID-19 since March 31, one new player has returned a confirmed positive test.
A league-high 34.5% (10) of Milwaukee’s 29 wins have come by 20 points or more; the Bucks are tied with Utah for the second-most 20-point wins in the league, trailing only the Clippers (11).
The franchise’s investment in Holiday, Antetokounmpo and two-time All-Star Khris Middleton — even without incentives — adds up to $105 million in 2021-22 and $113 million in 2022-23.
Don’t forget most of this group still has championship experience.
According to Synergy tracking, Williamson has seen big jumps in the percentage of his ball-controlling types of possessions ( isolation and pick-and-roll ball-handler ): Zion Williamson play types via Synergy tracking Poss = Possessions per game Freq = Percentage of his total possessions PPP = Points per possession Transition and “cut” (non-roll-man catches in the paint, for the most part) play-types are still where Williamson is doing the highest volume of work.
“I’m sorry that people seen the language that I used,” Durant said.
Noel allows teams to shoot just 51.1% at the basket, matching two-time Defensive Player of the Year Rudy Gobert.
If they’re at .500 or hauling a losing record before playing those games, that could mean big trouble.
Zeller played in 20+ minutes for the first time on Tuesday since returning from a two-game absence on March 24th.
Additionally, his teams made a total of seven NBA Finals appearances.
The Bucks are led by Khris Middleton’s 2.2 3-pointers made, which ranks 57th in the NBA.
The move represents the latest step in the Bucks’ heavy investment in their trio of Holiday, two-time reigning MVP Giannis Antetokounmpo and two-time All-Star Khris Middleton as the franchise chases its first NBA title since 1971.
“I don’t know if anyone could have saw this vision a year ago or two years ago,” Irving said last week , after Brooklyn’s 111-89 win against the Charlotte Hornets.
The Nets won 116-109 on Jan. 13 with Durant scoring 26 points while Irving was out and Harden had yet to join the team.
Juzang is a rarity as an Asian American in college basketball with clear NBA potential.
They’re a more confident and secure team today than two months ago because of a young player who’s giving them a boost now, and an older player they hope will bring it later when the playoffs begin.
DENVER (AP) — The Denver Nuggets bolstered their backcourt by signing guard Shaquille Harrison to a two-way deal.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Gordon Hayward will miss at least a month after spraining his right foot during the Charlotte Hornets’ win Friday night over the Indiana Pacers.
That counts for something.
And now, he’s got a chance to help them make this season’s playoff push.
“I can’t control everything that’s going on around me,” said Harden, who leads the league in assists (11.1 per game).
The Hornets didn’t exactly fold when their entertaining rookie went down last month, but their position in the East did take a precarious turn when Hayward’s injury doubled their trouble.
Oladipo is close with Miami legend Dwayne Wade — Oladipo played at Indiana for Tom Crean, Wade’s coach at Marquette — and that’s just one of many hints that this pairing was inevitable.
The Nets defeated the Knicks 117-112 on March 15 as Kyrie Irving (34) and James Harden (21) combined for 55 points with Kevin Durant sidelined.
He has given the club a needed boost of youthful energy and promise.
With the Wizards going cold from range — missing 13 straight 3-pointers at one point — the Raptors raced out at the beginning of the quarter, eventually snatching a 91-90 lead and creating a battle the rest of the way.
